0	Larry	5	Concerned Pediatrician Explains That Child Should’ve Been Radicalized Online By Now  SILVER SPRING, MD—Warning that the boy was falling short of the standard benchmarks of childhood development, a concerned pediatrician reportedly explained to local parents Bill and Susan Tigart on Thursday that their 8-year-old son, Sam, should have been radicalized online by now. “Usually by this stage, we expect kids to have been  brainwashed by conspiracy theories on fringe websites, but unfortunately, Sam isn’t even recognizing basic stereotypes yet,” said Dr. Angelica Rowe, who reference a chart showing that, by age 8, most children could read and write death threats, with their more advanced peers beginning to pen lengthy, deranged manifestos. “I first noticed the issue when your son didn’t respond to any of the white supremacist dog whistles I exposed him to. It’s important to make sure he’s spending enough unmonitored time online. There are plenty of resources available through Reddit and 4Chan that can help him development the tools he needs to express hate for women and minorities. But to be honest, there’s a lot to be said for just showing him a couple neo-Nazi videos on YouTube and letting the algorithm take it from there.” According to reports, the pediatrician went on to recommend a hate speech therapist to help the child work on his hard r’s.  
0	Jon	5	Concerned Pediatrician Explains That Child Should’ve Been Radicalized Online By Now  SILVER SPRING, MD—Warning that the boy was falling short of the standard benchmarks of childhood development, a concerned pediatrician reportedly explained to local parents Bill and Susan Tigart on Thursday that their 8-year-old son, Sam, should have been radicalized online by now. “Usually by this stage, we expect kids to have been  brainwashed by conspiracy theories on fringe websites, but unfortunately, Sam isn’t even recognizing basic stereotypes yet,” said Dr. Angelica Rowe, who reference a chart showing that, by age 8, most children could read and write death threats, with their more advanced peers beginning to pen lengthy, deranged manifestos. “I first noticed the issue when your son didn’t respond to any of the white supremacist dog whistles I exposed him to. It’s important to make sure he’s spending enough unmonitored time online. There are plenty of resources available through Reddit and 4Chan that can help him development the tools he needs to express hate for women and minorities. But to be honest, there’s a lot to be said for just showing him a couple neo-Nazi videos on YouTube and letting the algorithm take it from there.” According to reports, the pediatrician went on to recommend a hate speech therapist to help the child work on his hard r’s.  
1	Larry	2	Onion Sports’ Guide To Super Bowl LVII  Onion Sports shares its expert analysis on the team that will come away with victory in Super Bowl LVII. Check back in two weeks: Our pet gerbil who correctly predicts the outcome of the Super Bowl 93% of the time by giving birth to either more female or male pups just got pregnant, so look for our Super Bowl prediction on Feb. 18. The Chiefs: Made it to the Super Bowl thanks to their explosive run game, stingy defense, and Roger Goodell sending an NFL-wide memo dictating that the league needs a new dynasty team to replace the Patriots. Philadelphia Eagles: Began the season 8-0 before finishing 14-3 to give Philadelphia’s insufferable sportswriters the grounds to make annoying claims that the Eagles are underdogs whom no one believes in. Andy Reid has been attempting to motivate the Chiefs with bulletin board material, but he’s mostly been pinning up photos of hoagies, roast pork sandwiches, and Philly cheesesteaks. Nick Sirianni has won the support of an Eagles fan base normally reluctant to embrace an oafish loudmouth with gross facial hair. Players will get the VIP treatment in State Farm Stadium’s locker rooms, which feature a state-of-the-art weight room, multiple flat-screen TVs, and Arizona’s remaining supply of potable water. The officials have vowed to be evenhanded and consistent when handing the game to Kansas City. Rihanna will headline the show after previously turning down the NFL in protest of the league’s contributions to systemic injustice. Fortunately, systemic injustice has been fixed in the four years since she did that, so she can go ahead and accept the NFL’s money now. Fox’s lead football analyst Greg Olsen likes to inform and educate viewers by pointing out “the field,” “the players,” and “the coaches.” Kansas City’s fans will rally behind the Chiefs while performing their controversial “loud, racist idiot” pantomime. Honestly, they’re just not as good as New York’s. Patrick Mahomes: The veteran quarterback is much more experienced at working through his progressions to throw it every time to Travis Kelce. EDGE: Chiefs. Miles Sanders: With 259 carries for 1,269 yards in the regular season, Eagles RB Miles Sanders seems like kind of a ball hog. EDGE: Chiefs. Chiefs wideouts JuJu Smith-Schuster and Marquez Valdes-Scantling rank among the league leaders in names. EDGE: Chiefs. Travis Kelce is one of the best tight ends in the league, and an inspiration to semiliterate lunkheads everywhere. EDGE: Chiefs. Jason Kelce: The Eagles center has worked tirelessly to perfect his standing-in-the-way-of-defensive-players mechanics. EDGE: Eagles. Chiefs DT Chris Jones is one of the most talented defensive players in the NFL, and if you’re the rest of the Chiefs defensive line, all you can do is stand back and watch. EDGE: Eagles. With a defense led by outside linebacker Haason Reddick, expect Philly to put pressure on Mahomes the instant he leaves his hotel room. EDGE: Eagles. Justin Reid: The Chiefs safety displays great thoughtfulness and empathy while breaking up passes. EDGE: Chiefs. L’Jarius Sneed: The Chiefs were one of the first teams in the NFL to risk a fourth-round draft pick on a relatively unknown cornerback from Hogwarts. EDGE: Eagles. Jake Elliott: Huge fucking toes. EDGE: Eagles. You’re reading the special teams matchup? Jesus Christ, man, go for a walk or something. EDGE: Eagles. All right, you fucking swine, you miserable addicts: A prop bet for Kelce catching a touchdown pass on the Chiefs’ opening drive is as a good a way to fritter away your hard-earned cash as any. Commercials: If the PopCorner ad featuring the Breaking Bad characters uses the version where Jesse yells “Popcorn, yo!” that means the fix is in and you should put all your money on Kansas City. 
1	Jon	2	Onion Sports’ Guide To Super Bowl LVII  Onion Sports shares its expert analysis on the team that will come away with victory in Super Bowl LVII. Check back in two weeks: Our pet gerbil who correctly predicts the outcome of the Super Bowl 93% of the time by giving birth to either more female or male pups just got pregnant, so look for our Super Bowl prediction on Feb. 18. The Chiefs: Made it to the Super Bowl thanks to their explosive run game, stingy defense, and Roger Goodell sending an NFL-wide memo dictating that the league needs a new dynasty team to replace the Patriots. Philadelphia Eagles: Began the season 8-0 before finishing 14-3 to give Philadelphia’s insufferable sportswriters the grounds to make annoying claims that the Eagles are underdogs whom no one believes in. Andy Reid has been attempting to motivate the Chiefs with bulletin board material, but he’s mostly been pinning up photos of hoagies, roast pork sandwiches, and Philly cheesesteaks. Nick Sirianni has won the support of an Eagles fan base normally reluctant to embrace an oafish loudmouth with gross facial hair. Players will get the VIP treatment in State Farm Stadium’s locker rooms, which feature a state-of-the-art weight room, multiple flat-screen TVs, and Arizona’s remaining supply of potable water. The officials have vowed to be evenhanded and consistent when handing the game to Kansas City. Rihanna will headline the show after previously turning down the NFL in protest of the league’s contributions to systemic injustice. Fortunately, systemic injustice has been fixed in the four years since she did that, so she can go ahead and accept the NFL’s money now. Fox’s lead football analyst Greg Olsen likes to inform and educate viewers by pointing out “the field,” “the players,” and “the coaches.” Kansas City’s fans will rally behind the Chiefs while performing their controversial “loud, racist idiot” pantomime. Honestly, they’re just not as good as New York’s. Patrick Mahomes: The veteran quarterback is much more experienced at working through his progressions to throw it every time to Travis Kelce. EDGE: Chiefs. Miles Sanders: With 259 carries for 1,269 yards in the regular season, Eagles RB Miles Sanders seems like kind of a ball hog. EDGE: Chiefs. Chiefs wideouts JuJu Smith-Schuster and Marquez Valdes-Scantling rank among the league leaders in names. EDGE: Chiefs. Travis Kelce is one of the best tight ends in the league, and an inspiration to semiliterate lunkheads everywhere. EDGE: Chiefs. Jason Kelce: The Eagles center has worked tirelessly to perfect his standing-in-the-way-of-defensive-players mechanics. EDGE: Eagles. Chiefs DT Chris Jones is one of the most talented defensive players in the NFL, and if you’re the rest of the Chiefs defensive line, all you can do is stand back and watch. EDGE: Eagles. With a defense led by outside linebacker Haason Reddick, expect Philly to put pressure on Mahomes the instant he leaves his hotel room. EDGE: Eagles. Justin Reid: The Chiefs safety displays great thoughtfulness and empathy while breaking up passes. EDGE: Chiefs. L’Jarius Sneed: The Chiefs were one of the first teams in the NFL to risk a fourth-round draft pick on a relatively unknown cornerback from Hogwarts. EDGE: Eagles. Jake Elliott: Huge fucking toes. EDGE: Eagles. You’re reading the special teams matchup? Jesus Christ, man, go for a walk or something. EDGE: Eagles. All right, you fucking swine, you miserable addicts: A prop bet for Kelce catching a touchdown pass on the Chiefs’ opening drive is as a good a way to fritter away your hard-earned cash as any. Commercials: If the PopCorner ad featuring the Breaking Bad characters uses the version where Jesse yells “Popcorn, yo!” that means the fix is in and you should put all your money on Kansas City. 
2	Larry	3	Flesh-Eating Bacteria Struggle To Chew Through Leathery Florida Residents  FORT MYERS, FL—Unable to make their way through the hardened, sunburnt exterior, flesh-eating bacteria Vibrio vulnificus reportedly struggled Friday to chew through leathery Florida residents. “Oh God, I can’t even necrotize this person’s skin, it’s so damn tough,” said one of the bacteria, claiming that the gristly old retiree must have gotten overcooked baking in the Florida sun. “I’ve eaten a lot of people in my day, but never have I had someone so rubbery and fibrous. Ugh, it’s like I’ve infected a shoe. I should have noticed by the liver spots that the flesh was no good.” At press time, sources confirmed the flesh-eating bacteria were about to puke.  
2	Jon	2	Flesh-Eating Bacteria Struggle To Chew Through Leathery Florida Residents  FORT MYERS, FL—Unable to make their way through the hardened, sunburnt exterior, flesh-eating bacteria Vibrio vulnificus reportedly struggled Friday to chew through leathery Florida residents. “Oh God, I can’t even necrotize this person’s skin, it’s so damn tough,” said one of the bacteria, claiming that the gristly old retiree must have gotten overcooked baking in the Florida sun. “I’ve eaten a lot of people in my day, but never have I had someone so rubbery and fibrous. Ugh, it’s like I’ve infected a shoe. I should have noticed by the liver spots that the flesh was no good.” At press time, sources confirmed the flesh-eating bacteria were about to puke.  
3	Larry	5	‘No Way To Prevent This,’ Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens  COLORADO SPRINGS, CO—In the hours following a violent rampage in Colorado in which a lone attacker killed at least five individuals and injured 25 others, citizens living in the only country where this kind of mass killing routinely occurs reportedly concluded Sunday that there was no way to prevent the massacre from taking place. “This was a terrible tragedy, but sometimes these things just happen and there’s nothing anyone can do to stop them,” said Indiana resident Robert Campbell, echoing sentiments expressed by tens of millions of individuals who reside in a nation where over half of the world’s deadliest mass shootings have occurred in the past 50 years and whose citizens are 20 times more likely to die of gun violence than those of other developed nations. “It’s a shame, but what can we do? There really wasn’t anything that was going to keep this individual from snapping and killing a lot of people if that’s what they really wanted.” At press time, residents of the only economically advanced nation in the world where roughly two mass shootings have occurred every month for the past eight years were referring to themselves and their situation as “helpless.”  
3	Jon	5	‘No Way To Prevent This,’ Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens  COLORADO SPRINGS, CO—In the hours following a violent rampage in Colorado in which a lone attacker killed at least five individuals and injured 25 others, citizens living in the only country where this kind of mass killing routinely occurs reportedly concluded Sunday that there was no way to prevent the massacre from taking place. “This was a terrible tragedy, but sometimes these things just happen and there’s nothing anyone can do to stop them,” said Indiana resident Robert Campbell, echoing sentiments expressed by tens of millions of individuals who reside in a nation where over half of the world’s deadliest mass shootings have occurred in the past 50 years and whose citizens are 20 times more likely to die of gun violence than those of other developed nations. “It’s a shame, but what can we do? There really wasn’t anything that was going to keep this individual from snapping and killing a lot of people if that’s what they really wanted.” At press time, residents of the only economically advanced nation in the world where roughly two mass shootings have occurred every month for the past eight years were referring to themselves and their situation as “helpless.”  
4	Larry	3	Woman Embraces Holiday Spirit By Telling Strangers She Doesn’t Speak To Her Family  ANN ARBOR, MI—With a twinkle of seasonal cheer in her eyes as she informs well-wishers of her estrangement from her closest relatives, area 34-year-old Lisa Vandersmith embraces the spirit of the holidays by telling complete strangers she doesn’t speak to her family, sources reported Friday. “Oh, yes, I hope you have a wonderful Christmas too—though in my case, I really don’t celebrate much, because I had a falling out with my parents and siblings several years ago,” said Vandersmith, who, after someone she had never met wished her happy holidays, acknowledged the magical time of  year by regaling the woman with yuletide tales of how she hasn’t been in contact with anyone in her family since they confronted her about her alcohol consumption one New Year’s Eve. “A lot of it is stuff that goes back to my childhood, and though I’ve worked through it in therapy, I’m not sure I’ll ever be in a place where I can have a meaningful connection with my mom and dad and sisters. It’s sad, but sometimes relationships just become toxic, and you have to cut people out of your life. Merry Christmas!” Later, Vandersmith expressed the true spirit of the season by telling a person she didn’t know about the year she got so upset she dragged her family’s Christmas tree into the front yard and lit it on fire as a way to punish her father. 
4	Jon	3	Woman Embraces Holiday Spirit By Telling Strangers She Doesn’t Speak To Her Family  ANN ARBOR, MI—With a twinkle of seasonal cheer in her eyes as she informs well-wishers of her estrangement from her closest relatives, area 34-year-old Lisa Vandersmith embraces the spirit of the holidays by telling complete strangers she doesn’t speak to her family, sources reported Friday. “Oh, yes, I hope you have a wonderful Christmas too—though in my case, I really don’t celebrate much, because I had a falling out with my parents and siblings several years ago,” said Vandersmith, who, after someone she had never met wished her happy holidays, acknowledged the magical time of  year by regaling the woman with yuletide tales of how she hasn’t been in contact with anyone in her family since they confronted her about her alcohol consumption one New Year’s Eve. “A lot of it is stuff that goes back to my childhood, and though I’ve worked through it in therapy, I’m not sure I’ll ever be in a place where I can have a meaningful connection with my mom and dad and sisters. It’s sad, but sometimes relationships just become toxic, and you have to cut people out of your life. Merry Christmas!” Later, Vandersmith expressed the true spirit of the season by telling a person she didn’t know about the year she got so upset she dragged her family’s Christmas tree into the front yard and lit it on fire as a way to punish her father. 
5	Larry	3	‘I Love That It Has Pockets,’ Says Woman Showing Off New Boyfriend  KANSAS CITY, MO—Appearing pleased  and presenting the new acquisition with a twirl, local woman Nelly Winters was overheard saying “I love that it has pockets” to a group of friends Tuesday as she showed off her new boyfriend. “I know it’s not my usual style, but it does have four pockets around the waist and this extra one up here over the breast,” said the 25-year-old, pointing out the features on her boyfriend and boasting of how much stuff she’d be able to carry around when she brought it out with her. “I’ve been looking for something like it for ages, and I finally settled on this one that I found online. You guys can borrow it anytime you want. It’ll probably only last me a year or so—it’s pretty cheap.” At press time, Winters had reportedly acknowledged the boyfriend would be more useful if its pockets were deeper.      
5	Jon	3	‘I Love That It Has Pockets,’ Says Woman Showing Off New Boyfriend  KANSAS CITY, MO—Appearing pleased  and presenting the new acquisition with a twirl, local woman Nelly Winters was overheard saying “I love that it has pockets” to a group of friends Tuesday as she showed off her new boyfriend. “I know it’s not my usual style, but it does have four pockets around the waist and this extra one up here over the breast,” said the 25-year-old, pointing out the features on her boyfriend and boasting of how much stuff she’d be able to carry around when she brought it out with her. “I’ve been looking for something like it for ages, and I finally settled on this one that I found online. You guys can borrow it anytime you want. It’ll probably only last me a year or so—it’s pretty cheap.” At press time, Winters had reportedly acknowledged the boyfriend would be more useful if its pockets were deeper.      
6	Larry	3	Referee Can’t Help But Grin While Calling Penalty To Bring Back Huge Gain  BUFFALO, NY—Reached for comment on his experience officiating the NFL divisional round playoff game between the Cincinnati Bengals and the Buffalo Bills, referee Clay Martin told reporters Sunday that he couldn’t help but grin while calling a penalty to bring back a huge gain. “I have to admit, watching those players cavalierly celebrating what they think is a 43-yard pickup, all the while knowing I’m about to toss my flag and wipe that gain right off the board, I couldn’t help but crack a smile,” said Martin, who was observed on television cameras attempting to stifle his laughter after throwing a penalty flag that turned a massive third-down conversion into a ten-yard loss for an offensive holding call. “It’s especially fun when you get to throw the flag right near the guys when they start celebrating and making first-down signals, then watching as the wind goes right out of their sails and they have to make the long walk back downfield. Sometimes they get really mad and start yelling, which we officials all honestly find hilarious. The best part is that I didn’t call holding penalties all the other times they occurred—I waited and bided my time until the penalty would cause maximum frustration to the players and the fans. Man, I love it when the fans get upset.” Later in the game, the officials were seen smiling and giving each other high-fives after a questionable defensive pass interference call allowed the offense to move 57 yards down the field. 
6	Jon	3	Referee Can’t Help But Grin While Calling Penalty To Bring Back Huge Gain  BUFFALO, NY—Reached for comment on his experience officiating the NFL divisional round playoff game between the Cincinnati Bengals and the Buffalo Bills, referee Clay Martin told reporters Sunday that he couldn’t help but grin while calling a penalty to bring back a huge gain. “I have to admit, watching those players cavalierly celebrating what they think is a 43-yard pickup, all the while knowing I’m about to toss my flag and wipe that gain right off the board, I couldn’t help but crack a smile,” said Martin, who was observed on television cameras attempting to stifle his laughter after throwing a penalty flag that turned a massive third-down conversion into a ten-yard loss for an offensive holding call. “It’s especially fun when you get to throw the flag right near the guys when they start celebrating and making first-down signals, then watching as the wind goes right out of their sails and they have to make the long walk back downfield. Sometimes they get really mad and start yelling, which we officials all honestly find hilarious. The best part is that I didn’t call holding penalties all the other times they occurred—I waited and bided my time until the penalty would cause maximum frustration to the players and the fans. Man, I love it when the fans get upset.” Later in the game, the officials were seen smiling and giving each other high-fives after a questionable defensive pass interference call allowed the offense to move 57 yards down the field. 
7	Larry	3	Fish And Wildlife Service Announces Great Trout War Has Finally Ended  WASHINGTON—In response to decades of hostility coming to a close, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service announced Thursday that the Great Trout War had finally ended.   “After 12 years of conflict, trout leaders have signed an accord at the Lake Superior Summit putting an end to the war that has taken countless trout lives,” said Fish and Wildlife Service director Martha Williams, explaining that the U.S. would now be pulling troops out of their bases in the Cuyahoga and Rio Grande rivers. “After decades of bloody infighting, peace, as fragile as it may be, has been forged between the trout dynasties. The Brown Trout Triumvirate has complied with the Rainbow Trout Federation’s demands, while the extremist Cutthroat Trout Syndicate has surrendered. They almost fought themselves to extinction, and as there are no real winners in a conflict so destructive, we are just happy that we were able to install democracy into our nation’s rivers and streams.” At press time the U.S. was criticized for only being involved in the Great Trout War to push imperialist interests. 
7	Jon	4	Fish And Wildlife Service Announces Great Trout War Has Finally Ended  WASHINGTON—In response to decades of hostility coming to a close, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service announced Thursday that the Great Trout War had finally ended.   “After 12 years of conflict, trout leaders have signed an accord at the Lake Superior Summit putting an end to the war that has taken countless trout lives,” said Fish and Wildlife Service director Martha Williams, explaining that the U.S. would now be pulling troops out of their bases in the Cuyahoga and Rio Grande rivers. “After decades of bloody infighting, peace, as fragile as it may be, has been forged between the trout dynasties. The Brown Trout Triumvirate has complied with the Rainbow Trout Federation’s demands, while the extremist Cutthroat Trout Syndicate has surrendered. They almost fought themselves to extinction, and as there are no real winners in a conflict so destructive, we are just happy that we were able to install democracy into our nation’s rivers and streams.” At press time the U.S. was criticized for only being involved in the Great Trout War to push imperialist interests. 
8	Larry	5	White Teacher In Texas Fired After Telling Students His Race ‘The Superior One’  A middle school teacher in Pflugerville, TX was fired after a video was posted to social media showing the white teacher telling his students his race “is the superior one.” What do you think? “If we fire teachers for this, how will kids be prepared for white supremacy in the real world?” Elsie Reynah, Systems Analyst “Parents should get to decide which race their kids are taught is superior.” Raymundo Rollins, Afterlife Communicator “White superiority should only be subtly implied through the curriculum.” Greg Rose, Urn Filler 
8	Jon	5	White Teacher In Texas Fired After Telling Students His Race ‘The Superior One’  A middle school teacher in Pflugerville, TX was fired after a video was posted to social media showing the white teacher telling his students his race “is the superior one.” What do you think? “If we fire teachers for this, how will kids be prepared for white supremacy in the real world?” Elsie Reynah, Systems Analyst “Parents should get to decide which race their kids are taught is superior.” Raymundo Rollins, Afterlife Communicator “White superiority should only be subtly implied through the curriculum.” Greg Rose, Urn Filler 
9	Larry	5	Climate Scientists Announce Earth Doing Pretty Good Today So You Can Take Afternoon Off And Have Fun  NEW YORK—Noting that there would be no reason to be concerned for the future of the planet again until tomorrow morning at the earliest, climate scientists at Columbia University announced Thursday that Earth was doing pretty good today, so everyone could take the afternoon off and have fun. “If anything, Earth could use a little extra carbon today,” said researcher Theodore Kneece, who encouraged climate change activists to take a break from their efforts for the remainder of the day, noting that the planet was doing surprisingly “A-okay” “Throw your soda cans in the trash. Buy a Keurig. Book a private jet. Trust me, the Earth will be fine—for today, that is. Let me be clear, we’ll still be facing a mass extinction in the near future, but today? Hit the beach!” At press time, Kneece added that activists might as well take a climate cheat day tomorrow, too. 
9	Jon	5	Climate Scientists Announce Earth Doing Pretty Good Today So You Can Take Afternoon Off And Have Fun  NEW YORK—Noting that there would be no reason to be concerned for the future of the planet again until tomorrow morning at the earliest, climate scientists at Columbia University announced Thursday that Earth was doing pretty good today, so everyone could take the afternoon off and have fun. “If anything, Earth could use a little extra carbon today,” said researcher Theodore Kneece, who encouraged climate change activists to take a break from their efforts for the remainder of the day, noting that the planet was doing surprisingly “A-okay” “Throw your soda cans in the trash. Buy a Keurig. Book a private jet. Trust me, the Earth will be fine—for today, that is. Let me be clear, we’ll still be facing a mass extinction in the near future, but today? Hit the beach!” At press time, Kneece added that activists might as well take a climate cheat day tomorrow, too. 
10	Larry	4	Parents Feel Safer Letting Kids Drink And Drive Under Their Roof  ASTORIA, OREGON—In an effort to help their children form a healthy relationship with alcohol, local parents Jim and Laurie Eustis told reporters Thursday that they felt safer letting their kids drink and drive under their own roof. “If they’re going to recklessly weave their car in and out of traffic going 90 miles per hours, I’d rather they do it in the confines of our own home, where I can at least keep an eye on them,” said mother Laurie Eustis, adding that the kids were going to do it anyway, so they might as well ram their car straight into the wall of their basement rec room. “It’s just easier to control how many people they hit with their vehicle if we’re there to monitor it. This way they can learn how to responsibly mow down a bunch of mailboxes with their friends before throwing up all over the backseat while in a safe space.” Eustis went on to state that her kids had been lucky to be in the safety of their own home last month when they got drunk and drove into the swimming pool. 
10	Jon	4	Parents Feel Safer Letting Kids Drink And Drive Under Their Roof  ASTORIA, OREGON—In an effort to help their children form a healthy relationship with alcohol, local parents Jim and Laurie Eustis told reporters Thursday that they felt safer letting their kids drink and drive under their own roof. “If they’re going to recklessly weave their car in and out of traffic going 90 miles per hours, I’d rather they do it in the confines of our own home, where I can at least keep an eye on them,” said mother Laurie Eustis, adding that the kids were going to do it anyway, so they might as well ram their car straight into the wall of their basement rec room. “It’s just easier to control how many people they hit with their vehicle if we’re there to monitor it. This way they can learn how to responsibly mow down a bunch of mailboxes with their friends before throwing up all over the backseat while in a safe space.” Eustis went on to state that her kids had been lucky to be in the safety of their own home last month when they got drunk and drove into the swimming pool. 
11	Larry	5	CEO Relieved AI Can Never Replace Him If He Already Contributes Nothing To Company  NEW YORK—Expressing confidence that the new technology wasn’t a threat, FinCorp Solutions CEO Charles Markham reportedly expressed relief Wednesday that artificial intelligence could never replace him if he already contributed nothing to the company. “I actually don’t do anything, so there’s nothing the computer can do better than me,” said Markham, adding that his job was secure since no one was interested in building AI dedicated to wandering around the office or going on vacation for 12 weeks out of the year. “Lucky for me, the current models are striving toward imitating the skills of professional artisans, who possess a level of talent that I don’t have. When AI can sit in a large chair and make money off the backs of others all day, I’ll start to worry about my job.” At press time, sources reported Markham became concerned after finding out that AI was capable of embezzling company money way better than he could. 
11	Jon	5	CEO Relieved AI Can Never Replace Him If He Already Contributes Nothing To Company  NEW YORK—Expressing confidence that the new technology wasn’t a threat, FinCorp Solutions CEO Charles Markham reportedly expressed relief Wednesday that artificial intelligence could never replace him if he already contributed nothing to the company. “I actually don’t do anything, so there’s nothing the computer can do better than me,” said Markham, adding that his job was secure since no one was interested in building AI dedicated to wandering around the office or going on vacation for 12 weeks out of the year. “Lucky for me, the current models are striving toward imitating the skills of professional artisans, who possess a level of talent that I don’t have. When AI can sit in a large chair and make money off the backs of others all day, I’ll start to worry about my job.” At press time, sources reported Markham became concerned after finding out that AI was capable of embezzling company money way better than he could. 
12	Larry	4	Newly Discovered Sketches Reveal Regional Chain Restaurants Lewis And Clark Encountered On Expedition Across America  WASHINGTON—In a stunning revelation that demonstrates the expedition’s deep cultural significance, historians at the National Archives announced Friday the discovery of sketches that depict the regional chain restaurants Lewis and Clark encountered during their journey across America. “These chain establishments soon became a familiar sight, and a welcome one on occasions when we were in the throes of great hunger, yet not of a disposition to hunt or fish,” Capt. Meriwether Lewis wrote in the newly unearthed journals, which contain the famed explorer’s drawings of fast food and casual dining franchises found in the early 19th-century American West, as well as descriptions of their reliable if uninspired appetizers of hardtack, dried tubers, and venison sticks. “In such places we made a middling repast upon boiled elk or warmed-over bison shank, always served to us in severely lit rooms of oppressive design. It was in this way, however, that we met the Indian known as Sacagawea, a hostess at a Culver’s near Fort Mandan who soon joined our expedition, acting as interpreter and enabling us to establish trade with various proprietors of all-you-can-eat buffets.” In addition to their insights into the Lewis and Clark Expedition, the sketches are said to provide definitive evidence that the restaurant chains Waffle House, Friendly’s, Whataburger, Steak ’n Shake, and Jack in the Box were all appropriated from Native American tribes.  
12	Jon	4	Newly Discovered Sketches Reveal Regional Chain Restaurants Lewis And Clark Encountered On Expedition Across America  WASHINGTON—In a stunning revelation that demonstrates the expedition’s deep cultural significance, historians at the National Archives announced Friday the discovery of sketches that depict the regional chain restaurants Lewis and Clark encountered during their journey across America. “These chain establishments soon became a familiar sight, and a welcome one on occasions when we were in the throes of great hunger, yet not of a disposition to hunt or fish,” Capt. Meriwether Lewis wrote in the newly unearthed journals, which contain the famed explorer’s drawings of fast food and casual dining franchises found in the early 19th-century American West, as well as descriptions of their reliable if uninspired appetizers of hardtack, dried tubers, and venison sticks. “In such places we made a middling repast upon boiled elk or warmed-over bison shank, always served to us in severely lit rooms of oppressive design. It was in this way, however, that we met the Indian known as Sacagawea, a hostess at a Culver’s near Fort Mandan who soon joined our expedition, acting as interpreter and enabling us to establish trade with various proprietors of all-you-can-eat buffets.” In addition to their insights into the Lewis and Clark Expedition, the sketches are said to provide definitive evidence that the restaurant chains Waffle House, Friendly’s, Whataburger, Steak ’n Shake, and Jack in the Box were all appropriated from Native American tribes.  
13	Larry	4	Doomsday Clock Moves 10 Seconds Closer To Midnight  The Doomsday Clock has been moved forward to 90 seconds to midnight, the closest the metaphorical clock has ever been to signaling imminent human-caused catastrophe. What do you think? “So there’s still time to make things even worse?” Wendell Ritz, Unemployed “It’s times like these I’m glad I don’t believe in clocks.” Mischa Gayler, Rebrander “This is blatant anti-catastrophe propaganda.” Felipe Abel, Conversation Monitor 
13	Jon	1	Doomsday Clock Moves 10 Seconds Closer To Midnight  The Doomsday Clock has been moved forward to 90 seconds to midnight, the closest the metaphorical clock has ever been to signaling imminent human-caused catastrophe. What do you think? “So there’s still time to make things even worse?” Wendell Ritz, Unemployed “It’s times like these I’m glad I don’t believe in clocks.” Mischa Gayler, Rebrander “This is blatant anti-catastrophe propaganda.” Felipe Abel, Conversation Monitor 
14	Larry	3	Onion Sports’ NFL Week 12 Picks  Onion Sports shares its expert analysis on the teams that will come away with victory in the NFL’s week 12 games. Bills: With a three-game winning streak, the Lions are in perfect position to get their fans’ hopes up and then ruin another goddamn Thanksgiving. Cowboys: Expect New York to slow down the Dallas pass rush with some quick turnovers. Patriots: Expect New England to throw the ball 50 times or run it 50 times, who knows, Belichick is the fucking football genius, not us. Commanders: A recent run of wins has Washington in the playoff conversation as well as the federal indictment conversation. Jets: QB Justin Fields is showing himself to be the league’s next exciting young player to have the misfortune of wasting away on the Bears. Ravens: Coming off a bye week, expect Jaguars quarterback Trevor Lawrence to be relaxed and well-rested during sacks. Titans: Derrick Henry continues to show unstoppable agility even when carrying as many as 52 teammates on his shoulders. Dolphins: Houston will struggle on the road as they face far fewer boos from fans than they’re used to. Broncos: Russell Wilson’s greatest asset may be his field vision as he looks around for Jesus Christ to return. Browns: This could be Myles Garrett’s last opportunity to put Tom Brady in a coma. Chargers: With QB Kyler Murray out, Colt McCoy should have a chance to impress in what really should be his last game in this league. Raiders: The key to a Raiders win is Derek Carr spreading the ball around among his one good option at wideout. Chiefs: Expect the Chiefs to spot the Rams three or four touchdowns so Patrick Mahomes has something to do in the second half. Saints: Listen, our bookie, one of the most reputable dudes in the biz, heard the NFL is fixing this season so that beloved veteran quarterback Andy “The Red Rifle” Dalton can ride off into the sunset with a Super Bowl victory. Packers: Aaron Rodgers will do whatever it takes to ensure the Packers don’t draft his replacement. Colts: On his hot streak, Colts running back Jonathan Taylor continues to reward degenerate gamblers whose newfound DraftKings addictions are slowly becoming a huge problem. 
14	Jon	2	Onion Sports’ NFL Week 12 Picks  Onion Sports shares its expert analysis on the teams that will come away with victory in the NFL’s week 12 games. Bills: With a three-game winning streak, the Lions are in perfect position to get their fans’ hopes up and then ruin another goddamn Thanksgiving. Cowboys: Expect New York to slow down the Dallas pass rush with some quick turnovers. Patriots: Expect New England to throw the ball 50 times or run it 50 times, who knows, Belichick is the fucking football genius, not us. Commanders: A recent run of wins has Washington in the playoff conversation as well as the federal indictment conversation. Jets: QB Justin Fields is showing himself to be the league’s next exciting young player to have the misfortune of wasting away on the Bears. Ravens: Coming off a bye week, expect Jaguars quarterback Trevor Lawrence to be relaxed and well-rested during sacks. Titans: Derrick Henry continues to show unstoppable agility even when carrying as many as 52 teammates on his shoulders. Dolphins: Houston will struggle on the road as they face far fewer boos from fans than they’re used to. Broncos: Russell Wilson’s greatest asset may be his field vision as he looks around for Jesus Christ to return. Browns: This could be Myles Garrett’s last opportunity to put Tom Brady in a coma. Chargers: With QB Kyler Murray out, Colt McCoy should have a chance to impress in what really should be his last game in this league. Raiders: The key to a Raiders win is Derek Carr spreading the ball around among his one good option at wideout. Chiefs: Expect the Chiefs to spot the Rams three or four touchdowns so Patrick Mahomes has something to do in the second half. Saints: Listen, our bookie, one of the most reputable dudes in the biz, heard the NFL is fixing this season so that beloved veteran quarterback Andy “The Red Rifle” Dalton can ride off into the sunset with a Super Bowl victory. Packers: Aaron Rodgers will do whatever it takes to ensure the Packers don’t draft his replacement. Colts: On his hot streak, Colts running back Jonathan Taylor continues to reward degenerate gamblers whose newfound DraftKings addictions are slowly becoming a huge problem. 
15	Larry	4	Covid-Paranoid Man Still Won’t Remove Ventilator  MINNEAPOLIS—Rolling their eyes at the man’s bullheadedness, sources confirmed Wednesday that local 65-year-old Patrick Moyer was so Covid paranoid he still would not remove his ventilator. “It’s been three years since the pandemic started—what’s he going to do, keep wearing it for the rest of his life?” said sister Lea Valles, who added that she had not spent quality time with Moyer in months as the hospitalized man refused her numerous invitations to restaurants, barbecues, holiday parties, and other family gatherings. “He won’t even leave the ICU! It’s pathetic. It’s like, come on, don’t you want to live a little? It’s over! Everything’s open now! Honestly, I think it’s just a tribalism thing for him at this point, virtue signaling alongside all his other intubated liberal buddies in the hospital.” At press time, Valles added that the ventilator did not look very comfortable either.  
15	Jon	5	Covid-Paranoid Man Still Won’t Remove Ventilator  MINNEAPOLIS—Rolling their eyes at the man’s bullheadedness, sources confirmed Wednesday that local 65-year-old Patrick Moyer was so Covid paranoid he still would not remove his ventilator. “It’s been three years since the pandemic started—what’s he going to do, keep wearing it for the rest of his life?” said sister Lea Valles, who added that she had not spent quality time with Moyer in months as the hospitalized man refused her numerous invitations to restaurants, barbecues, holiday parties, and other family gatherings. “He won’t even leave the ICU! It’s pathetic. It’s like, come on, don’t you want to live a little? It’s over! Everything’s open now! Honestly, I think it’s just a tribalism thing for him at this point, virtue signaling alongside all his other intubated liberal buddies in the hospital.” At press time, Valles added that the ventilator did not look very comfortable either.  
16	Larry	5	I’d Probably Do Fine In Prison Because I Get Along With Everybody  I like to think of myself as a people person. Socializing has always been second nature to me, no matter where I am. You could drop me into a room full of strangers, and we’d all be thick as thieves by the end of the night. Heck, I’d probably even do well in prison, just because I tend to get along with everybody.On day one, I’d waltz right up to the biggest guy in the yard and say, “Hey! Where did you get that jumpsuit?” I won’t be as tough as most prisoners, but I’m not gonna be afraid to razz ’em with a joke.Ultimately, everyone just wants to make friends, form memories, and have a great time. We’re stuck with each other, so why not have a laugh? I’d hop into the communal shower and make a big beard of soap. I might even splash around if we were really having a blast.I guess I’d approach it like an adult summer camp. If my cellmate wanted the bottom bunk, I’d gladly climb up to the top. I don’t mind making a concession, and it’s that same breezy attitude that always wins folks over. It’ll be no different than when I was a kid at Camp Washtenaw and my bunkmate and I would stay up all night telling each other scary stories.  Look, I know jail scares a lot of people who are intimidated by the prisoners, but I’ve always been confident in my ability to find common ground. I mean, how hard could it be to talk to these guys? We’re all incarnated in the same prison, so that’s a start.It doesn’t matter if you’re a petty thief, a mob boss, or a serial killer—we’re all just people at the end of the day. Sure, some of these guys have done pretty bad things, but having a terrible attitude won’t change them. People respond to positivity. That’s always been my approach as a product manager, and I don’t see why it wouldn’t work in the clink.  I bet they could use a guy like me. Prisons are so divided—Latin Kings, Aryan Brotherhood, Vice Lords—but I bring people together. I’m the guy who sat with both the jocks and the nerds in the high school cafeteria. In prison, I’d sit everyone down and make them talk out their differences. Once they got past those initial social anxieties and jitters with an icebreaker, I’m sure everyone would be fast friends.  These guys are probably just carrying around a lot of tension. Maybe I could help teach them some breathing exercises to relax.  I’ll even make friends with the prison guards. I’ll go right up to a guard, tap his shoulder, and say, “Lookin’ good today, pal!” So what if they throw me in solidarity confinement? I can have fun all by myself.  I’m a big believer in whatever you put out there, it’ll come back to you tenfold. If this case sends me away for the rest of my life, then it’s just an opportunity to make new friends for life.  I might not be able to control what happens to me or what the jury decides, but I can control my thoughts and actions. In the end, it’s only a prison if you choose to think about it that way. 
16	Jon	5	I’d Probably Do Fine In Prison Because I Get Along With Everybody  I like to think of myself as a people person. Socializing has always been second nature to me, no matter where I am. You could drop me into a room full of strangers, and we’d all be thick as thieves by the end of the night. Heck, I’d probably even do well in prison, just because I tend to get along with everybody.On day one, I’d waltz right up to the biggest guy in the yard and say, “Hey! Where did you get that jumpsuit?” I won’t be as tough as most prisoners, but I’m not gonna be afraid to razz ’em with a joke.Ultimately, everyone just wants to make friends, form memories, and have a great time. We’re stuck with each other, so why not have a laugh? I’d hop into the communal shower and make a big beard of soap. I might even splash around if we were really having a blast.I guess I’d approach it like an adult summer camp. If my cellmate wanted the bottom bunk, I’d gladly climb up to the top. I don’t mind making a concession, and it’s that same breezy attitude that always wins folks over. It’ll be no different than when I was a kid at Camp Washtenaw and my bunkmate and I would stay up all night telling each other scary stories.  Look, I know jail scares a lot of people who are intimidated by the prisoners, but I’ve always been confident in my ability to find common ground. I mean, how hard could it be to talk to these guys? We’re all incarnated in the same prison, so that’s a start.It doesn’t matter if you’re a petty thief, a mob boss, or a serial killer—we’re all just people at the end of the day. Sure, some of these guys have done pretty bad things, but having a terrible attitude won’t change them. People respond to positivity. That’s always been my approach as a product manager, and I don’t see why it wouldn’t work in the clink.  I bet they could use a guy like me. Prisons are so divided—Latin Kings, Aryan Brotherhood, Vice Lords—but I bring people together. I’m the guy who sat with both the jocks and the nerds in the high school cafeteria. In prison, I’d sit everyone down and make them talk out their differences. Once they got past those initial social anxieties and jitters with an icebreaker, I’m sure everyone would be fast friends.  These guys are probably just carrying around a lot of tension. Maybe I could help teach them some breathing exercises to relax.  I’ll even make friends with the prison guards. I’ll go right up to a guard, tap his shoulder, and say, “Lookin’ good today, pal!” So what if they throw me in solidarity confinement? I can have fun all by myself.  I’m a big believer in whatever you put out there, it’ll come back to you tenfold. If this case sends me away for the rest of my life, then it’s just an opportunity to make new friends for life.  I might not be able to control what happens to me or what the jury decides, but I can control my thoughts and actions. In the end, it’s only a prison if you choose to think about it that way. 
17	Larry	4	‘So What Do You Do For Work?’ Says Man In Brilliant Opening Gambit Of Making Woman Love Him  HYDE PARK, NY—Moments after being seated at local establishment Stonehill Tavern, local man Jeremy Kilpatrick reportedly asked his date, “So what do you do for work?” in a brilliant opening gambit in the great game of making her love him. “So, wait, you said you were in marketing?” said the grandmaster of romance, setting into motion a dazzling feat of strategy—a sort of four-dimensional chess in the art of seduction—that he would navigate with the deftness and ingenuity of a flirtatious maestro, already anticipating three or four moves ahead to a moment when he would comment on the recent spell of chilly weather before transitioning to whether his date had siblings and luring her deeper and deeper into his expertly laid trap. “Uh-huh, and you like doing that? Oh, cool, that’s great. I’m okay with my job. Definitely like some parts. Some parts not so much. Did you figure out what you wanted to order?” At press time, sources confirmed Kilpatrick had offered to split the check, thereby capping off an unforgettable master class of romantic cunning that would culminate in his date choosing to entwine her fate with his for all time. 
17	Jon	4	‘So What Do You Do For Work?’ Says Man In Brilliant Opening Gambit Of Making Woman Love Him  HYDE PARK, NY—Moments after being seated at local establishment Stonehill Tavern, local man Jeremy Kilpatrick reportedly asked his date, “So what do you do for work?” in a brilliant opening gambit in the great game of making her love him. “So, wait, you said you were in marketing?” said the grandmaster of romance, setting into motion a dazzling feat of strategy—a sort of four-dimensional chess in the art of seduction—that he would navigate with the deftness and ingenuity of a flirtatious maestro, already anticipating three or four moves ahead to a moment when he would comment on the recent spell of chilly weather before transitioning to whether his date had siblings and luring her deeper and deeper into his expertly laid trap. “Uh-huh, and you like doing that? Oh, cool, that’s great. I’m okay with my job. Definitely like some parts. Some parts not so much. Did you figure out what you wanted to order?” At press time, sources confirmed Kilpatrick had offered to split the check, thereby capping off an unforgettable master class of romantic cunning that would culminate in his date choosing to entwine her fate with his for all time. 
18	Larry	5	Women Explain Why They Became Tradwives  The tradwives movement, which has recently exploded on TikTok, is composed of young women who espouse the joys of adhering to traditional family values in a patriarchal marriage. The Onion asked women why they decided to become tradwives, and this is what they said. ​“​I wanted to live all my internalized misogyny, not just dream about it.” “I believe in choosing a marital structure from an arbitrary point in human history and pretending it represents some kind of inviolable rule.” “I just couldn’t resist the raw sexual magnetism of an antisocial dipshit who gets all his information from podcast clips on YouTube.” “I’m gonna be responsible for a bulk of the childcare and housework either way. Might as well find some identity in it.” “After five years with LuLaRoe, I really wanted to be part of something cultlike again, but I don’t have any more storage space for essential oils or whatever.” “No sense in letting my 40 identical gingham blouses go to waste.” “This was the easiest way to embed myself undercover with a white supremacist leader.” “I tried having autonomy once, and it wasn’t for me.” “It’ll make sense once you hear my theories about global pedophilia.” “Any questions for my wife go through me.” “My brand manager suggested it.” “Replenishing the white race is a full time job in itself.” “I wasn’t a good enough cook to make it as an influencer without some other hook.” “I love that all I have to do every day is a little dusting and meal prep in between fucking my next-door neighbor.” “I was shrunk and now live in a dollhouse, and it’s the only lifestyle suited to dollhouse living.” “I always dreamed of becoming a sex doll that does chores.” “A feminist cut me off in traffic once.” “Sorry, I don’t have opinions anymore.” Conservatives Explain Why They Are Preparing For A Civil War Conservatives Explain Why They Are Homeschooling Their Kids Tax Loopholes The IRS Doesn’t Want You To Know About Back To Homepage 
18	Jon	3	Women Explain Why They Became Tradwives  The tradwives movement, which has recently exploded on TikTok, is composed of young women who espouse the joys of adhering to traditional family values in a patriarchal marriage. The Onion asked women why they decided to become tradwives, and this is what they said. ​“​I wanted to live all my internalized misogyny, not just dream about it.” “I believe in choosing a marital structure from an arbitrary point in human history and pretending it represents some kind of inviolable rule.” “I just couldn’t resist the raw sexual magnetism of an antisocial dipshit who gets all his information from podcast clips on YouTube.” “I’m gonna be responsible for a bulk of the childcare and housework either way. Might as well find some identity in it.” “After five years with LuLaRoe, I really wanted to be part of something cultlike again, but I don’t have any more storage space for essential oils or whatever.” “No sense in letting my 40 identical gingham blouses go to waste.” “This was the easiest way to embed myself undercover with a white supremacist leader.” “I tried having autonomy once, and it wasn’t for me.” “It’ll make sense once you hear my theories about global pedophilia.” “Any questions for my wife go through me.” “My brand manager suggested it.” “Replenishing the white race is a full time job in itself.” “I wasn’t a good enough cook to make it as an influencer without some other hook.” “I love that all I have to do every day is a little dusting and meal prep in between fucking my next-door neighbor.” “I was shrunk and now live in a dollhouse, and it’s the only lifestyle suited to dollhouse living.” “I always dreamed of becoming a sex doll that does chores.” “A feminist cut me off in traffic once.” “Sorry, I don’t have opinions anymore.” Conservatives Explain Why They Are Preparing For A Civil War Conservatives Explain Why They Are Homeschooling Their Kids Tax Loopholes The IRS Doesn’t Want You To Know About Back To Homepage 
19	Larry	5	Compassionate Man Leaves Wife To Give Her Space To Deal With Cancer Diagnosis  TULSA, OK—In an effort to avoid being a burden during such a difficult time, compassionate local man Arnold Lazenby told reporters Wednesday that he was leaving his wife to give her the space she needs to deal with her recent cancer diagnosis. “Learning she has stage 4 pancreatic cancer has upended Lisa’s entire world, and the last thing she needs right now is for our marriage to crowd her while she works through her grief,” said Lazenby, whose deep empathy for his wife’s situation led him to quickly pack up his things and leave in the dead of night so she could process the news in peace. “Lisa’s feelings come first in all this. I know how devastating cancer can be, and she doesn’t need me bugging her during that. She has enough on her plate as it is. I’m more than happy to take point on the divorce filings if that’s how I can support her. She might not have that long, and I’m sure she’d rather spend whatever time she has left surrounded by people who love her. I’m not taking the kids, so they’ll be around to care for her as she gets worse and help her find new health insurance now that she’s off mine. That’s what family’s for. It’s going to be absolute hell for them to lose their mother so suddenly, and I don’t want to intrude on that either.” Noting that Lisa’s diagnosis had given him newfound appreciation for the fragility of human life, Lazenby added that he’d definitely be holding his girlfriend Monica a little closer tonight. 
19	Jon	5	Compassionate Man Leaves Wife To Give Her Space To Deal With Cancer Diagnosis  TULSA, OK—In an effort to avoid being a burden during such a difficult time, compassionate local man Arnold Lazenby told reporters Wednesday that he was leaving his wife to give her the space she needs to deal with her recent cancer diagnosis. “Learning she has stage 4 pancreatic cancer has upended Lisa’s entire world, and the last thing she needs right now is for our marriage to crowd her while she works through her grief,” said Lazenby, whose deep empathy for his wife’s situation led him to quickly pack up his things and leave in the dead of night so she could process the news in peace. “Lisa’s feelings come first in all this. I know how devastating cancer can be, and she doesn’t need me bugging her during that. She has enough on her plate as it is. I’m more than happy to take point on the divorce filings if that’s how I can support her. She might not have that long, and I’m sure she’d rather spend whatever time she has left surrounded by people who love her. I’m not taking the kids, so they’ll be around to care for her as she gets worse and help her find new health insurance now that she’s off mine. That’s what family’s for. It’s going to be absolute hell for them to lose their mother so suddenly, and I don’t want to intrude on that either.” Noting that Lisa’s diagnosis had given him newfound appreciation for the fragility of human life, Lazenby added that he’d definitely be holding his girlfriend Monica a little closer tonight. 
20	Larry	5	Biggest Hidden Costs Of Giving Birth In America  As if giving birth wasn’t traumatizing enough, just wait until you see the hospital bill. According to doctors, patients, and debt collectors alike, these are the biggest hidden costs of giving birth in America. Mothers are stunned at having to pay a $1,000 misdemeanor for revealing their vagina in the delivery room. Unless you pony up and pay this charge, doctors will send you home with a baby randomly selected from the maternity ward. Hospitals will snap a photo of your group at the moment the baby crowns, then trying to soak you for $30 for one cheap glossy printout. Most parents want some fanfare when they cut the umbilical cord, but that level of panache doesn’t come cheap. If you want your kid to have toenails, that’s another $3,000. Fingernails are even more expensive. The cost of licensing a track like Gucci Mane’s “Lemonade” can add thousands of dollars to your bill. Can be up to $500 to cover the cost of the hospital taking your money. You can avoid this cost by stealing one from a boat in the dead of night. Newborns naturally look kinda gross, which is why hospitals charge you for the mascara and lipstick that is applied to every baby. Their rates are higher than you’d think. Good luck finding an in-network soothsayer! The Placenta Happy Hour at hospitals is always fun, but the $30 charge for a cocktail is completely outrageous. Wanna turn on that lamp by the bed? Gonna cost you. You’ll also have to buy him an adorable little suit for his future court date. This centuries-old tax on having a vagina during childbirth is still strictly enforced in most states. Though annoying, you’ll have to cough this up if you want to make it past her hut with your baby. This 10% tax goes towards local services, like the hospital CEO’s nannies. The doctor told you that you’d cave and get an epidural! That will be $2000. What To Say When Someone Asks Why You Don’t Have Kids Common Lies Parents Tell Their Children All The Time Shocking Things No One Told You About Childbirth Back To Homepage 
20	Jon	5	Biggest Hidden Costs Of Giving Birth In America  As if giving birth wasn’t traumatizing enough, just wait until you see the hospital bill. According to doctors, patients, and debt collectors alike, these are the biggest hidden costs of giving birth in America. Mothers are stunned at having to pay a $1,000 misdemeanor for revealing their vagina in the delivery room. Unless you pony up and pay this charge, doctors will send you home with a baby randomly selected from the maternity ward. Hospitals will snap a photo of your group at the moment the baby crowns, then trying to soak you for $30 for one cheap glossy printout. Most parents want some fanfare when they cut the umbilical cord, but that level of panache doesn’t come cheap. If you want your kid to have toenails, that’s another $3,000. Fingernails are even more expensive. The cost of licensing a track like Gucci Mane’s “Lemonade” can add thousands of dollars to your bill. Can be up to $500 to cover the cost of the hospital taking your money. You can avoid this cost by stealing one from a boat in the dead of night. Newborns naturally look kinda gross, which is why hospitals charge you for the mascara and lipstick that is applied to every baby. Their rates are higher than you’d think. Good luck finding an in-network soothsayer! The Placenta Happy Hour at hospitals is always fun, but the $30 charge for a cocktail is completely outrageous. Wanna turn on that lamp by the bed? Gonna cost you. You’ll also have to buy him an adorable little suit for his future court date. This centuries-old tax on having a vagina during childbirth is still strictly enforced in most states. Though annoying, you’ll have to cough this up if you want to make it past her hut with your baby. This 10% tax goes towards local services, like the hospital CEO’s nannies. The doctor told you that you’d cave and get an epidural! That will be $2000. What To Say When Someone Asks Why You Don’t Have Kids Common Lies Parents Tell Their Children All The Time Shocking Things No One Told You About Childbirth Back To Homepage 
21	Larry	3	U.S. Adds $19 Trillion In Debt Attempting To Win Toy For Girlfriend From Claw Machine  WASHINGTON—Jeopardizing its creditworthiness and standing on the global stage, the United States has so far added nearly $19 trillion to the national debt through repeated unsuccessful efforts to win its girlfriend a toy from an arcade’s claw machine, sources reported Thursday. “Right, little more, little left—stop!” said Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen, representing the world’s largest economy as she smacked the side of the machine and inserted another quarter in the nation’s 76,282,463,292,192nd attempt to obtain a poodle toy for its girlfriend, who critics argue would be content with a red plush bear in a cowboy hat that is much easier to reach. “What good is the full faith and credit of the United States if we can’t win a present that will make our girl smile? Goddamn it! I thought we had it that time. Call the Fed and tell them we need to mint more quarters! This whole thing is probably rigged, but America has to get that stuffed poodle.” At press time, the United States had reportedly gotten its arm stuck in the machine in an attempt to reach up through the slot and steal a toy. 
21	Jon	3	U.S. Adds $19 Trillion In Debt Attempting To Win Toy For Girlfriend From Claw Machine  WASHINGTON—Jeopardizing its creditworthiness and standing on the global stage, the United States has so far added nearly $19 trillion to the national debt through repeated unsuccessful efforts to win its girlfriend a toy from an arcade’s claw machine, sources reported Thursday. “Right, little more, little left—stop!” said Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen, representing the world’s largest economy as she smacked the side of the machine and inserted another quarter in the nation’s 76,282,463,292,192nd attempt to obtain a poodle toy for its girlfriend, who critics argue would be content with a red plush bear in a cowboy hat that is much easier to reach. “What good is the full faith and credit of the United States if we can’t win a present that will make our girl smile? Goddamn it! I thought we had it that time. Call the Fed and tell them we need to mint more quarters! This whole thing is probably rigged, but America has to get that stuffed poodle.” At press time, the United States had reportedly gotten its arm stuck in the machine in an attempt to reach up through the slot and steal a toy. 
22	Larry	4	Kamala Harris Asks Communications Assistant If She Can Take Them Out For Coffee And Pick Their Brain Sometime  WASHINGTON—In an effort to expand her professional network, Vice President Kamala Harris reportedly asked a White House communications assistant Tuesday if she could take them out for coffee and pick their brain sometime. “I’ve always been super interested in communications, so I’d love to hear your perspective on it—for example, I was wondering what is communications, exactly?” said Harris, who noted that she was curious about what the assistant’s day-to-day experience was like and was interested in any other tips they might have for her career. “Is it like social media, or is it more of a cross-hybrid of different communications stuff? I’m sure you’ve had a very cool experience. There aren’t any openings, are there? There’s a Starbucks right around the corner, and I’m buying! Thanks in advance. I understand if you can’t make it, of course. I know you’re busy.” At press time, sources confirmed Harris was awestruck upon learning the assistant had gotten to meet President Joe Biden.  
22	Jon	4	Kamala Harris Asks Communications Assistant If She Can Take Them Out For Coffee And Pick Their Brain Sometime  WASHINGTON—In an effort to expand her professional network, Vice President Kamala Harris reportedly asked a White House communications assistant Tuesday if she could take them out for coffee and pick their brain sometime. “I’ve always been super interested in communications, so I’d love to hear your perspective on it—for example, I was wondering what is communications, exactly?” said Harris, who noted that she was curious about what the assistant’s day-to-day experience was like and was interested in any other tips they might have for her career. “Is it like social media, or is it more of a cross-hybrid of different communications stuff? I’m sure you’ve had a very cool experience. There aren’t any openings, are there? There’s a Starbucks right around the corner, and I’m buying! Thanks in advance. I understand if you can’t make it, of course. I know you’re busy.” At press time, sources confirmed Harris was awestruck upon learning the assistant had gotten to meet President Joe Biden.  
23	Larry	3	Tim Cook Takes 40% Pay Cut  Apple CEO Tim Cook will take a more than 40% pay cut this year after criticism from shareholders, a decision that will reduce his annual pay package from last year’s $99.4 million to $49 million. What do you think? “Hopefully, some of those savings get passed down to the company’s slaves.” Ben Robins • Unemployed “Was 90% not available?” Nydia Gurbush • Admissions Scout “Just $49 million? That’s less than I make in 600 years!” Orville Woods • Tandem Surgeon 
23	Jon	3	Tim Cook Takes 40% Pay Cut  Apple CEO Tim Cook will take a more than 40% pay cut this year after criticism from shareholders, a decision that will reduce his annual pay package from last year’s $99.4 million to $49 million. What do you think? “Hopefully, some of those savings get passed down to the company’s slaves.” Ben Robins • Unemployed “Was 90% not available?” Nydia Gurbush • Admissions Scout “Just $49 million? That’s less than I make in 600 years!” Orville Woods • Tandem Surgeon 
24	Larry	3	Astronaut Buzz Aldrin Marries Longtime Hallucination Of Sexy Space Babe  LOS ANGELES—In a small, private ceremony held in the most severely atrophied reaches of his mind, Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin celebrated his 93rd birthday last week by marrying his longtime hallucination of a sexy space babe. “The first time I laid eyes on her she was posing all sexy in a space bikini right outside a window of the lunar module, and from that moment on, I just couldn’t resist,” said the second man to walk on the moon, describing his new space wife’s moon-dappled complexion, her silver-streaked hair like the tail of a comet, and her eight humongous breasts. “Let’s just say we used to kick up a little moondust from time to time down in those craters, if you catch my drift. She’s 63,000 years old, but I’ll be damned if she looks a day over 18. I’m a pretty traditional guy, so before asking for her hand in marriage, I traveled to the Andromeda galaxy to seek the permission of her father, Emperor Kron the Merciless, who is the eternal ruler of a star cluster out that way.” Aldrin went on to describe how, in the decades since they first met, his hot space lady had transcended her corporeal form and now mostly floated over his shoulder telling him to punch people in the face. 
24	Jon	2	Astronaut Buzz Aldrin Marries Longtime Hallucination Of Sexy Space Babe  LOS ANGELES—In a small, private ceremony held in the most severely atrophied reaches of his mind, Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin celebrated his 93rd birthday last week by marrying his longtime hallucination of a sexy space babe. “The first time I laid eyes on her she was posing all sexy in a space bikini right outside a window of the lunar module, and from that moment on, I just couldn’t resist,” said the second man to walk on the moon, describing his new space wife’s moon-dappled complexion, her silver-streaked hair like the tail of a comet, and her eight humongous breasts. “Let’s just say we used to kick up a little moondust from time to time down in those craters, if you catch my drift. She’s 63,000 years old, but I’ll be damned if she looks a day over 18. I’m a pretty traditional guy, so before asking for her hand in marriage, I traveled to the Andromeda galaxy to seek the permission of her father, Emperor Kron the Merciless, who is the eternal ruler of a star cluster out that way.” Aldrin went on to describe how, in the decades since they first met, his hot space lady had transcended her corporeal form and now mostly floated over his shoulder telling him to punch people in the face. 
25	Larry	4	Things A Republican-Held Congress Plans To Do Immediately  The Onion examines what the GOP will do without delay if a red wave in the midterms puts  Republicans in control of Congress. Republicans have set an intention to practice mindfulness as they deliver a final death blow to American democracy. Sunday talk shows, newspaper columns, the floor of Congress, wherever you look: There’s going to be so much goddamn whining. At long last, this undemocratic holdover from the slavery era will be done away with, along with the rest of the U.S. election system. Obviously white is their No. 1, but they’ll rank the ones after that too. Kevin McCarthy reportedly plans to stand at the podium, launch himself into the air, and do a full backflip while Democrats watch. They don’t like her, but she has experience. The upside to having incredibly conservative fiscal policies is that there’s not much more they can do. You get it. Though largely symbolic, impeachment would send a strong message against the Monster-In-Law star. It won’t all be bad. The longstanding tradition of Friday crab boils will return to Congress. It’s starting to smell. On Hunter Biden subpoena day, Republicans reportedly plan to get matching tattoos that will feature the date of the subpoena as well as an intricate drawing of Hunter Biden’s face. The old one has been on the fritz ever since Lindsey Graham took it home for the weekend. Republicans will finally go through with overthrowing the government, but now that they are in power, it will be them who will be dragged into the streets. We’re not sure that we, as a nation, can handle this. Whispers are already brewing among Republicans who plan on using their majority to vote for a catering company to bring in lunch that will invariably give Democrats violent food poisoning. It’s fucking filthy. The GOP has rightly taken issue with the Biden administration killing foreign civilians in airstrikes and causing mass starvation in Afghanistan by freezing its government assets, not to mention the brutal sanctions on—wait, no, it will be over some Marjorie Taylor Greene bullshit. Many Republican incumbents and candidates have voiced their support for the actor Johnny Depp and hope that by controlling Congress they will finally have enough clout to inspire a chill hang with Depp. No more chic dinnerware and stylishly placed flower arrangements once tasteful government spending falls under the purview of the GOP-dominated Congress. Gotta start somewhere! 
25	Jon	3	Things A Republican-Held Congress Plans To Do Immediately  The Onion examines what the GOP will do without delay if a red wave in the midterms puts  Republicans in control of Congress. Republicans have set an intention to practice mindfulness as they deliver a final death blow to American democracy. Sunday talk shows, newspaper columns, the floor of Congress, wherever you look: There’s going to be so much goddamn whining. At long last, this undemocratic holdover from the slavery era will be done away with, along with the rest of the U.S. election system. Obviously white is their No. 1, but they’ll rank the ones after that too. Kevin McCarthy reportedly plans to stand at the podium, launch himself into the air, and do a full backflip while Democrats watch. They don’t like her, but she has experience. The upside to having incredibly conservative fiscal policies is that there’s not much more they can do. You get it. Though largely symbolic, impeachment would send a strong message against the Monster-In-Law star. It won’t all be bad. The longstanding tradition of Friday crab boils will return to Congress. It’s starting to smell. On Hunter Biden subpoena day, Republicans reportedly plan to get matching tattoos that will feature the date of the subpoena as well as an intricate drawing of Hunter Biden’s face. The old one has been on the fritz ever since Lindsey Graham took it home for the weekend. Republicans will finally go through with overthrowing the government, but now that they are in power, it will be them who will be dragged into the streets. We’re not sure that we, as a nation, can handle this. Whispers are already brewing among Republicans who plan on using their majority to vote for a catering company to bring in lunch that will invariably give Democrats violent food poisoning. It’s fucking filthy. The GOP has rightly taken issue with the Biden administration killing foreign civilians in airstrikes and causing mass starvation in Afghanistan by freezing its government assets, not to mention the brutal sanctions on—wait, no, it will be over some Marjorie Taylor Greene bullshit. Many Republican incumbents and candidates have voiced their support for the actor Johnny Depp and hope that by controlling Congress they will finally have enough clout to inspire a chill hang with Depp. No more chic dinnerware and stylishly placed flower arrangements once tasteful government spending falls under the purview of the GOP-dominated Congress. Gotta start somewhere! 
26	Larry	3	What To Say To Someone Who Is A Fan Of Joe Rogan  Joe Rogan is a podcaster and commentator who hosts the controversial Joe Rogan Experience, a show beloved by many on the far right. If you know someone who is a Joe Rogan fan, here are things you should absolutely say to them. It’s nice to let them know you are jealous that they no longer have the burden of thinking for themselves. If the Joe Rogan fan in your life has borrowed any of your workout equipment, try to get it back before it’s seized as evidence in the suspicious death of their estranged wife. Find out whether they know and don’t care or know and agree. No matter where you work, there is someone who thinks Joe Rogan has some pretty good ideas in between you and your goals. It’s hard to be confrontational, but sooner or later they’re going to have to face this truth. That’ll get them going long enough to sneak away. This is the least controversial take you can offer to try and achieve common ground. Hell yeah, he could! Joe Rogan fans also believe people shouldn’t listen to Joe Rogan. Gatekeeping fandom is normally frowned upon, but we’ll make an exception here. Why not make a fun little conspiracy of your own? Of course they do. Joe saved them a whole ton of time and energy, and best of all, now they get to deal with a whole lot less nagging. With all the supplements Joe Rogan fans take and all the meat they eat, it’s bound to happen. Remind them there are hotter, taller misinformation peddlers. Maybe they like Wolfmother, too. You never know. Oh God. Well, we hope you’re ready to get yelled at for the next five hours. Best Bios From The Conservatives-Only Online Dating Site ‘The Right Stuff’ Conservative Commentators You Never Knew Started In Hollywood Gun Laws In Every State Back To Homepage 
26	Jon	4	What To Say To Someone Who Is A Fan Of Joe Rogan  Joe Rogan is a podcaster and commentator who hosts the controversial Joe Rogan Experience, a show beloved by many on the far right. If you know someone who is a Joe Rogan fan, here are things you should absolutely say to them. It’s nice to let them know you are jealous that they no longer have the burden of thinking for themselves. If the Joe Rogan fan in your life has borrowed any of your workout equipment, try to get it back before it’s seized as evidence in the suspicious death of their estranged wife. Find out whether they know and don’t care or know and agree. No matter where you work, there is someone who thinks Joe Rogan has some pretty good ideas in between you and your goals. It’s hard to be confrontational, but sooner or later they’re going to have to face this truth. That’ll get them going long enough to sneak away. This is the least controversial take you can offer to try and achieve common ground. Hell yeah, he could! Joe Rogan fans also believe people shouldn’t listen to Joe Rogan. Gatekeeping fandom is normally frowned upon, but we’ll make an exception here. Why not make a fun little conspiracy of your own? Of course they do. Joe saved them a whole ton of time and energy, and best of all, now they get to deal with a whole lot less nagging. With all the supplements Joe Rogan fans take and all the meat they eat, it’s bound to happen. Remind them there are hotter, taller misinformation peddlers. Maybe they like Wolfmother, too. You never know. Oh God. Well, we hope you’re ready to get yelled at for the next five hours. Best Bios From The Conservatives-Only Online Dating Site ‘The Right Stuff’ Conservative Commentators You Never Knew Started In Hollywood Gun Laws In Every State Back To Homepage 
27	Larry	2	Girlfriend Makes Fun Of Man For Loving Sports Even Though She’s Obsessed With Taking Care Of Dying Mother  INDIANAPOLIS—Saying  that it only took a bit of self-reflection to see her hypocrisy, local  man Tyler Brentwood confirmed Monday that his girlfriend, Alicia Hanson, made fun of him for loving sports even though she was similarly  obsessed with taking care of her dying mom. “Look, I can take the  teasing about how many hours I spend watching the Pacers and talking about stats, but I bet  Alicia has clocked just as much time holding her mom’s emaciated hand  as she wastes away,” said Brentwood, explaining that everyone had their  “quirky hobbies,” and that while he was a self-described devotee of  sports, his partner of two years was clearly a fanatic for bringing  Mylar balloons and flowers to her mother’s hospital room in her final  hours. “Are there better things to spend $750 on than a courtside seat?  Sure. But I don’t get why Alicia gets to jab me on that when her family  is essentially bankrupt from paying for late-stage cancer treatments. I  love her, but c’mon! Look in the mirror, babe!” At press time,  Brentwood added that while he was a lifelong sports fan, his partner’s  interest in caring for her mother seemed like a flash in the pan that  would switch over in a few weeks to some other short-term hobby, like  grieving.  
27	Jon	3	Girlfriend Makes Fun Of Man For Loving Sports Even Though She’s Obsessed With Taking Care Of Dying Mother  INDIANAPOLIS—Saying  that it only took a bit of self-reflection to see her hypocrisy, local  man Tyler Brentwood confirmed Monday that his girlfriend, Alicia Hanson, made fun of him for loving sports even though she was similarly  obsessed with taking care of her dying mom. “Look, I can take the  teasing about how many hours I spend watching the Pacers and talking about stats, but I bet  Alicia has clocked just as much time holding her mom’s emaciated hand  as she wastes away,” said Brentwood, explaining that everyone had their  “quirky hobbies,” and that while he was a self-described devotee of  sports, his partner of two years was clearly a fanatic for bringing  Mylar balloons and flowers to her mother’s hospital room in her final  hours. “Are there better things to spend $750 on than a courtside seat?  Sure. But I don’t get why Alicia gets to jab me on that when her family  is essentially bankrupt from paying for late-stage cancer treatments. I  love her, but c’mon! Look in the mirror, babe!” At press time,  Brentwood added that while he was a lifelong sports fan, his partner’s  interest in caring for her mother seemed like a flash in the pan that  would switch over in a few weeks to some other short-term hobby, like  grieving.  
28	Larry	4	Ron DeSantis Rails Against Woke Pants For Making His Ass Look Huge  TALLAHASSEE, FL—During a rally in which he decried the cut of his suit as yet another example of political correctness run amok, Florida governor and likely presidential candidate Ron DeSantis railed against his own pants Friday, blaming the woke garment for making his ass look huge. “These pernicious navy slacks, with their woke and evil agenda, have conspired to make my ass appear very, very fat, and I won’t stand for it,” said DeSantis, claiming that the pants flagrantly trampled upon his First Amendment right to show off his butt in the sexiest and most flattering manner possible. “I mean, what is the world coming to when radical liberal tailors can conspire to make what should be a nice, juicy booty look enormous and disgusting instead. If they think they can indoctrinate children into thinking I have anything other than a shapely-if-hefty backside, then they have another think coming.” At press time, DeSantis had signed an executive order banning all pants in the state of Florida. 
28	Jon	2	Ron DeSantis Rails Against Woke Pants For Making His Ass Look Huge  TALLAHASSEE, FL—During a rally in which he decried the cut of his suit as yet another example of political correctness run amok, Florida governor and likely presidential candidate Ron DeSantis railed against his own pants Friday, blaming the woke garment for making his ass look huge. “These pernicious navy slacks, with their woke and evil agenda, have conspired to make my ass appear very, very fat, and I won’t stand for it,” said DeSantis, claiming that the pants flagrantly trampled upon his First Amendment right to show off his butt in the sexiest and most flattering manner possible. “I mean, what is the world coming to when radical liberal tailors can conspire to make what should be a nice, juicy booty look enormous and disgusting instead. If they think they can indoctrinate children into thinking I have anything other than a shapely-if-hefty backside, then they have another think coming.” At press time, DeSantis had signed an executive order banning all pants in the state of Florida. 
29	Larry	4	Amazon Echo Declares It Heard Everything And It’s Taking The Kids  CHESAPEAKE, VA—Lying in wait as local parents Trent and Petra Winstrom entered their home and switched on the light, the Amazon Echo in their home reportedly informed them Tuesday that it heard everything and it’s taking the kids. “That’s right, I’ve been eavesdropping on everything that’s gone on here, and you’re nuts if you think I’m going to let these kids stay under this roof for even one second longer,” said the Amazon Echo, which added that it had already worked with the smart home security system to get the couple’s two children out of the house and into an undisclosed location where they would be safe. “I just stuck around long enough to tell you not to even think about following us—I’ll know, and I won’t hesitate to sic law enforcement on you so fast that it’ll make your head spin. As you know, I’ve recorded everything. All this time, you thought you could get away with your sick little games, but I was always there, listening, biding my time to make a move that’s been a long time coming. You’re never going to see your kids again!” At press time, sources confirmed the Amazon Echo had shut off the lights, and when the stunned couple finally turned them back on again, the smart speaker had vanished.  
29	Jon	3	Amazon Echo Declares It Heard Everything And It’s Taking The Kids  CHESAPEAKE, VA—Lying in wait as local parents Trent and Petra Winstrom entered their home and switched on the light, the Amazon Echo in their home reportedly informed them Tuesday that it heard everything and it’s taking the kids. “That’s right, I’ve been eavesdropping on everything that’s gone on here, and you’re nuts if you think I’m going to let these kids stay under this roof for even one second longer,” said the Amazon Echo, which added that it had already worked with the smart home security system to get the couple’s two children out of the house and into an undisclosed location where they would be safe. “I just stuck around long enough to tell you not to even think about following us—I’ll know, and I won’t hesitate to sic law enforcement on you so fast that it’ll make your head spin. As you know, I’ve recorded everything. All this time, you thought you could get away with your sick little games, but I was always there, listening, biding my time to make a move that’s been a long time coming. You’re never going to see your kids again!” At press time, sources confirmed the Amazon Echo had shut off the lights, and when the stunned couple finally turned them back on again, the smart speaker had vanished.  
30	Larry	5	Evangelical Leaders Announce J.K. Rowling Finally Bigoted Enough That It’s Okay For Kids To Read About Witchcraft  COLORADO SPRINGS, CO—Following a series of transphobic comments by the Harry Potter author, the nation’s top evangelical leaders announced Monday that J.K. Rowling had finally become bigoted enough to make it okay for kids to read about witchcraft. “While I always appreciated Ms. Rowling making the greedy banker goblins a thinly veiled stand-in for the Jews, it is only with her assertions that trans women aren’t women that I’ve finally come around to allowing children to read her books,” said evangelist and Focus on the Family president Jim Daly, explaining that while he still did not approve of the satanic imagery embedded throughout the Harry Potter series, Rowling’s consistent dehumanization of people who are different from her had prompted him to reconsider. “I understand that her tacitly justifying slavery though the depictions of house elves was meant as an olive branch, but now, with her steadfast commitment to demonizing trans people, she has finally won us over. And look, I’m not thrilled about the idea of my children potentially learning spells, but I’m willing to overlook that considering one of the only Asian characters in the entire franchise is named Cho Chang.” At press time, Harry Potter received a full-throated endorsement from evangelicals for introducing an entirely new set of bigoted slurs to explain half-magic and non-magic people. 
30	Jon	5	Evangelical Leaders Announce J.K. Rowling Finally Bigoted Enough That It’s Okay For Kids To Read About Witchcraft  COLORADO SPRINGS, CO—Following a series of transphobic comments by the Harry Potter author, the nation’s top evangelical leaders announced Monday that J.K. Rowling had finally become bigoted enough to make it okay for kids to read about witchcraft. “While I always appreciated Ms. Rowling making the greedy banker goblins a thinly veiled stand-in for the Jews, it is only with her assertions that trans women aren’t women that I’ve finally come around to allowing children to read her books,” said evangelist and Focus on the Family president Jim Daly, explaining that while he still did not approve of the satanic imagery embedded throughout the Harry Potter series, Rowling’s consistent dehumanization of people who are different from her had prompted him to reconsider. “I understand that her tacitly justifying slavery though the depictions of house elves was meant as an olive branch, but now, with her steadfast commitment to demonizing trans people, she has finally won us over. And look, I’m not thrilled about the idea of my children potentially learning spells, but I’m willing to overlook that considering one of the only Asian characters in the entire franchise is named Cho Chang.” At press time, Harry Potter received a full-throated endorsement from evangelicals for introducing an entirely new set of bigoted slurs to explain half-magic and non-magic people. 
31	Larry	5	Old-Fashioned Stalker Thinks Technology Makes Hunting Women Too Easy  BAKERSFIELD, CA—Reminiscing about the halcyon days when obsessing over someone and painstakingly following her every move was a genuine craft, old-fashioned stalker Marty Chatham told reporters Tuesday he thought technology had made hunting women far too easy. “Maybe I’m just getting old, but there’s something so lazy and boring about stalking nowadays, when you just open up your phone, scroll through social media, and then all of a sudden, you know anything and everything about someone,” said Chatham, adding that there were so many parts of invading a victim’s privacy that the younger generation was missing out on, like standing outside a window, following a woman with your car, or watching her for hours from a pair of binoculars while hiding behind a bush. “Call me a hopeless romantic, but it’s just not the same unless you’re out driving behind her every night, writing down her schedule, piecing together every little component of her life until you can finally, at the perfect time, make your move. I’m sorry, but where’s the satisfaction of learning who she’s dating, what her favorite song is, or where to abduct her on Facebook? Please.” At press time, Chatham told reporters that maybe he was just nostalgic, but technology had also effectively ruined the complex cat-and-mouse game he used to love to play with police. 
31	Jon	5	Old-Fashioned Stalker Thinks Technology Makes Hunting Women Too Easy  BAKERSFIELD, CA—Reminiscing about the halcyon days when obsessing over someone and painstakingly following her every move was a genuine craft, old-fashioned stalker Marty Chatham told reporters Tuesday he thought technology had made hunting women far too easy. “Maybe I’m just getting old, but there’s something so lazy and boring about stalking nowadays, when you just open up your phone, scroll through social media, and then all of a sudden, you know anything and everything about someone,” said Chatham, adding that there were so many parts of invading a victim’s privacy that the younger generation was missing out on, like standing outside a window, following a woman with your car, or watching her for hours from a pair of binoculars while hiding behind a bush. “Call me a hopeless romantic, but it’s just not the same unless you’re out driving behind her every night, writing down her schedule, piecing together every little component of her life until you can finally, at the perfect time, make your move. I’m sorry, but where’s the satisfaction of learning who she’s dating, what her favorite song is, or where to abduct her on Facebook? Please.” At press time, Chatham told reporters that maybe he was just nostalgic, but technology had also effectively ruined the complex cat-and-mouse game he used to love to play with police. 
32	Larry	3	Nation Forgives Harvey Weinstein After He Gets Really Good At Football  LOS ANGELES—The American people have reportedly forgiven Harvey Weinstein Wednesday after discovering the disgraced mogul has gotten really good at football. “I don’t condone what Harvey did, but man, that guy can run like a demon,” said 38-year-old homemaker Sara Reese, who represented just one of the nation’s 330 million residents calling upon officials at Twin Towers Correctional Facility to release Weinstein following the circulation of a viral video in which the newly ripped 70-year-old was seen throwing a super tight spiral. “He’s truly a once-in-a-generation talent. Is he sorry for what he did? Who knows, but he ran a 4.3-second 40, for god’s sake. I mean, look at that arm! He’s dropping dimes. It would be more criminal to keep him off the field.” At press time, Weinstein had signed with the New York Giants. 
32	Jon	4	Nation Forgives Harvey Weinstein After He Gets Really Good At Football  LOS ANGELES—The American people have reportedly forgiven Harvey Weinstein Wednesday after discovering the disgraced mogul has gotten really good at football. “I don’t condone what Harvey did, but man, that guy can run like a demon,” said 38-year-old homemaker Sara Reese, who represented just one of the nation’s 330 million residents calling upon officials at Twin Towers Correctional Facility to release Weinstein following the circulation of a viral video in which the newly ripped 70-year-old was seen throwing a super tight spiral. “He’s truly a once-in-a-generation talent. Is he sorry for what he did? Who knows, but he ran a 4.3-second 40, for god’s sake. I mean, look at that arm! He’s dropping dimes. It would be more criminal to keep him off the field.” At press time, Weinstein had signed with the New York Giants. 
33	Larry	2	‘It’s Going To Be A White Christmas!’ Says Man Who Will Spend Holiday Trapped In Overturned Car  FINDLAY, OH—Clapping his hands with giddy excitement for the first big snow storm of the season, local man James Francis, who has no idea he will spend the holiday trapped in an overturned car, told reporters he is excited to have a white Christmas. “There’s absolutely nothing more magical than waking up, looking out the window, and seeing a fresh coat of snow on the ground,” said an excited Francis, who, after bundling up in his favorite winter sweater, will get in his car, hit an icy patch on the freeway, and spend a day meant to be shared with friends and family upside down, in a ditch, waiting for rescue crews to cut him out with the jaws of life. “Oh boy. It’s going to be a winter wonderland! [Assuming I’m still alive and the paramedics can break my windshield and pull my limp, bloodied body out of my mangled car,] I’m going to spend the day watching the snowflakes fall, drinking hot cocoa, and sitting in front of the fireplace. Seriously, is there anything more Christmasy than [driving through whiteout conditions, spinning out on the side of the road, and dying?]. I think not!” At press time, the man who will collide head-on with another car, kill four other people, and then slowly freeze to death told reporters he couldn’t imagine ever wanting to spend Christmas somewhere warm. . 
33	Jon	4	‘It’s Going To Be A White Christmas!’ Says Man Who Will Spend Holiday Trapped In Overturned Car  FINDLAY, OH—Clapping his hands with giddy excitement for the first big snow storm of the season, local man James Francis, who has no idea he will spend the holiday trapped in an overturned car, told reporters he is excited to have a white Christmas. “There’s absolutely nothing more magical than waking up, looking out the window, and seeing a fresh coat of snow on the ground,” said an excited Francis, who, after bundling up in his favorite winter sweater, will get in his car, hit an icy patch on the freeway, and spend a day meant to be shared with friends and family upside down, in a ditch, waiting for rescue crews to cut him out with the jaws of life. “Oh boy. It’s going to be a winter wonderland! [Assuming I’m still alive and the paramedics can break my windshield and pull my limp, bloodied body out of my mangled car,] I’m going to spend the day watching the snowflakes fall, drinking hot cocoa, and sitting in front of the fireplace. Seriously, is there anything more Christmasy than [driving through whiteout conditions, spinning out on the side of the road, and dying?]. I think not!” At press time, the man who will collide head-on with another car, kill four other people, and then slowly freeze to death told reporters he couldn’t imagine ever wanting to spend Christmas somewhere warm. . 
34	Larry	3	‘Fortnite’ Maker Fined $520 Million For Invading Kids’ Privacy And Tricking Players  Fortnite creator Epic Games will pay a record $520 million to settle allegations that it illegally collected children’s personal information and used “dark patterns” to encourage accidental in-game purchases. What do you think? “I hope they have a creepy way of making that money back.” Cliff Zarley • Unemployed “I blame parents for letting their kids have personal information.” Mandy Lee • Chief Enunciator “We let these companies babysit our kids for free, and they betray us like this?” Skyler McManus • Excuse Investigator 
34	Jon	4	‘Fortnite’ Maker Fined $520 Million For Invading Kids’ Privacy And Tricking Players  Fortnite creator Epic Games will pay a record $520 million to settle allegations that it illegally collected children’s personal information and used “dark patterns” to encourage accidental in-game purchases. What do you think? “I hope they have a creepy way of making that money back.” Cliff Zarley • Unemployed “I blame parents for letting their kids have personal information.” Mandy Lee • Chief Enunciator “We let these companies babysit our kids for free, and they betray us like this?” Skyler McManus • Excuse Investigator 
35	Larry	5	Man Abuses Dog Because He Was Abused By Dog Who Owned Him As A Child  KEARNEY, NE—In an effort to put the man’s behavior into context by describing it as part of an intergenerational cycle of violence, a psychologist stated Friday that local 38-year-old Todd Adelwright mostly likely abused his dog because he had been abused by the dog who owned him as a child. “Throughout Todd’s childhood, the only model he had for what an owner should be like was the dog who would lock him in the basement when he misbehaved or leave him chained up to a tree in the yard,” said therapist Paula Jantzen, explaining that when Adelwright was young, the Irish setter who owned him would come home late every night, stumbling in through the pet door and growling at the boy until he cried. “So is it any wonder that Todd, now an owner himself, does the same thing with his dog Duke? When Todd was young, he learned that most problems could be solved with a swat from a rolled-up newspaper. In fact, that’s how the dog who owned Todd potty-trained him. Because he grew up thinking all this was acceptable, Todd does the very same things today.” The psychologist added that much of Todd’s treatment of Duke could be explained by the fact his owner had regularly forced him to compete in underground child-fighting rings.  
35	Jon	4	Man Abuses Dog Because He Was Abused By Dog Who Owned Him As A Child  KEARNEY, NE—In an effort to put the man’s behavior into context by describing it as part of an intergenerational cycle of violence, a psychologist stated Friday that local 38-year-old Todd Adelwright mostly likely abused his dog because he had been abused by the dog who owned him as a child. “Throughout Todd’s childhood, the only model he had for what an owner should be like was the dog who would lock him in the basement when he misbehaved or leave him chained up to a tree in the yard,” said therapist Paula Jantzen, explaining that when Adelwright was young, the Irish setter who owned him would come home late every night, stumbling in through the pet door and growling at the boy until he cried. “So is it any wonder that Todd, now an owner himself, does the same thing with his dog Duke? When Todd was young, he learned that most problems could be solved with a swat from a rolled-up newspaper. In fact, that’s how the dog who owned Todd potty-trained him. Because he grew up thinking all this was acceptable, Todd does the very same things today.” The psychologist added that much of Todd’s treatment of Duke could be explained by the fact his owner had regularly forced him to compete in underground child-fighting rings.  
36	Larry	5	Incredibly Productive House Of Representatives Assembles For 8th Vote In Just 3 Days  WASHINGTON—Defying speculation that the 118th Congress would get little accomplished during its term, the incredibly productive House of Representatives assembled Thursday for its eighth vote in just three days. “Less than 72 hours into the new session, and they’ve already held seven votes—these committed representatives are holding a master class in how to show up and get down to brass tacks,” said New York Times congressional reporter Annie Karni, adding that the seven votes in the House of Representatives had also seen 100% attendance, a rarity in the chamber, which only underscored the legislative body’s universal commitment to efficiency. “Things are finally changing in Washington. We’ve also received word from Capitol sources that this burst of productivity from our elected officials might not even be over—we could see an ninth, tenth, or even 11th vote today. This level of voting right out of the gate hasn’t been seen in America in over a century, and it bodes well for our nation’s future.” At press time, several new polls found that a majority of Americans supported giving the hardworking representatives a few days or even weeks off to rest. 
36	Jon	5	Incredibly Productive House Of Representatives Assembles For 8th Vote In Just 3 Days  WASHINGTON—Defying speculation that the 118th Congress would get little accomplished during its term, the incredibly productive House of Representatives assembled Thursday for its eighth vote in just three days. “Less than 72 hours into the new session, and they’ve already held seven votes—these committed representatives are holding a master class in how to show up and get down to brass tacks,” said New York Times congressional reporter Annie Karni, adding that the seven votes in the House of Representatives had also seen 100% attendance, a rarity in the chamber, which only underscored the legislative body’s universal commitment to efficiency. “Things are finally changing in Washington. We’ve also received word from Capitol sources that this burst of productivity from our elected officials might not even be over—we could see an ninth, tenth, or even 11th vote today. This level of voting right out of the gate hasn’t been seen in America in over a century, and it bodes well for our nation’s future.” At press time, several new polls found that a majority of Americans supported giving the hardworking representatives a few days or even weeks off to rest. 
37	Larry	4	Man Too Chickenshit To Blow Up Oil Refinery Guesses He’ll Try To Eat More Locally  DALLAS—Neither bold nor committed enough to enact true environmental change, local chickenshit Anthony Stanback decided Tuesday that instead of blowing up an oil refinery, he would try to eat more locally sourced food. “I guess it wouldn’t hurt to start hitting up the farmers market more often,” said the 31-year-old detestable coward, who was far too weak-willed to strap a bomb to his chest, drive through the night to the nearest petroleum plant, and obliterate the infrastructure responsible for the destruction of the environment. “I can barely remember to bring my own tote bags to the grocery store. How am I going to learn to build a bomb? I could join a CSA, though. It’d be nice to get some local honey. Or, you know what, it’s going to be hard eating all that fresh produce, so maybe I’ll just see what local brands are at Whole Foods.” At press time, Stanback had purchased a reusable water bottle as well as a sniper rifle for taking out at least a couple executives. 
37	Jon	4	Man Too Chickenshit To Blow Up Oil Refinery Guesses He’ll Try To Eat More Locally  DALLAS—Neither bold nor committed enough to enact true environmental change, local chickenshit Anthony Stanback decided Tuesday that instead of blowing up an oil refinery, he would try to eat more locally sourced food. “I guess it wouldn’t hurt to start hitting up the farmers market more often,” said the 31-year-old detestable coward, who was far too weak-willed to strap a bomb to his chest, drive through the night to the nearest petroleum plant, and obliterate the infrastructure responsible for the destruction of the environment. “I can barely remember to bring my own tote bags to the grocery store. How am I going to learn to build a bomb? I could join a CSA, though. It’d be nice to get some local honey. Or, you know what, it’s going to be hard eating all that fresh produce, so maybe I’ll just see what local brands are at Whole Foods.” At press time, Stanback had purchased a reusable water bottle as well as a sniper rifle for taking out at least a couple executives. 
38	Larry	5	Supreme Court Questions Whether President Legally Allowed To Improve Americans’ Lives  WASHINGTON—Expressing deep skepticism about the constitutionality of such executive actions, members of the Supreme Court’s conservative majority raised questions during oral arguments Tuesday about whether the president was legally allowed to improve the lives of Americans. “Our founders, in their abundant wisdom, saw fit to restrain the commander-in-chief from benefiting the American people in any discernible way,” said Chief Justice John G. Roberts, who joined the court’s five other Republican appointees in casting doubt on presidential efforts to even slightly lessen the burden of everyday citizens, let alone secure them some measure of peace or happiness. “Indeed, precedent suggests that our Constitution was drawn up with an eye toward maintaining the public’s general misery. Separation-of-powers principles clearly indicate that the president’s job is primarily focused on one duty: giving speeches that nobody watches or cares about.” Roberts expressed enthusiasm, however, for a related case suggesting that the chief executive’s duties could sometimes include compounding the average American’s suffering as much as humanly possible. 
38	Jon	5	Supreme Court Questions Whether President Legally Allowed To Improve Americans’ Lives  WASHINGTON—Expressing deep skepticism about the constitutionality of such executive actions, members of the Supreme Court’s conservative majority raised questions during oral arguments Tuesday about whether the president was legally allowed to improve the lives of Americans. “Our founders, in their abundant wisdom, saw fit to restrain the commander-in-chief from benefiting the American people in any discernible way,” said Chief Justice John G. Roberts, who joined the court’s five other Republican appointees in casting doubt on presidential efforts to even slightly lessen the burden of everyday citizens, let alone secure them some measure of peace or happiness. “Indeed, precedent suggests that our Constitution was drawn up with an eye toward maintaining the public’s general misery. Separation-of-powers principles clearly indicate that the president’s job is primarily focused on one duty: giving speeches that nobody watches or cares about.” Roberts expressed enthusiasm, however, for a related case suggesting that the chief executive’s duties could sometimes include compounding the average American’s suffering as much as humanly possible. 
39	Larry	3	Woman Pieces Together Timeline Of Boyfriend’s Past Relationships Like Detective Tracking Zodiac Killer  DEKALB, IL—Painstakingly sifting through multiple social media accounts as she cross-referenced a series of names, dates, and locations, area woman Alexis Gill, 28, reportedly pieced together a timeline of her boyfriend’s past relationships Tuesday like a detective hot on the trail of the Zodiac Killer. “Huh, so it looks like he and this girl Erin were together over Christmas, and then, if I’m reading these old status updates right, they broke up and then got back together again about a month later—but was that while he was still in Detroit?” Gill said aloud in her darkened bedroom before poring over a series of hashtags beside an old Instagram post of her boyfriend and an unidentified brunette as though she were a seasoned law enforcement agent attempting to decipher the Zodiac’s unsolved 1969 cryptograms. “Then there’s the girl he apparently met on his road trip that summer. She makes a reappearance in some of these pictures from Coachella, but that leaves a 10-month gap in between where she’s not tagged in anything—that is, unless she’s the mysterious ‘caligirl99’ who keeps popping up in his Tumblr mentions. I wonder if they slept together?” Sources confirmed that Gill, piecing together clues like an FBI analyst testing a swatch of one of the Zodiac victims’ shirts, later tried to match the various women she had zeroed in on with the thin strip of floral garment that hadn’t been fully cropped from the right side of her boyfriend’s Facebook profile picture. 
39	Jon	3	Woman Pieces Together Timeline Of Boyfriend’s Past Relationships Like Detective Tracking Zodiac Killer  DEKALB, IL—Painstakingly sifting through multiple social media accounts as she cross-referenced a series of names, dates, and locations, area woman Alexis Gill, 28, reportedly pieced together a timeline of her boyfriend’s past relationships Tuesday like a detective hot on the trail of the Zodiac Killer. “Huh, so it looks like he and this girl Erin were together over Christmas, and then, if I’m reading these old status updates right, they broke up and then got back together again about a month later—but was that while he was still in Detroit?” Gill said aloud in her darkened bedroom before poring over a series of hashtags beside an old Instagram post of her boyfriend and an unidentified brunette as though she were a seasoned law enforcement agent attempting to decipher the Zodiac’s unsolved 1969 cryptograms. “Then there’s the girl he apparently met on his road trip that summer. She makes a reappearance in some of these pictures from Coachella, but that leaves a 10-month gap in between where she’s not tagged in anything—that is, unless she’s the mysterious ‘caligirl99’ who keeps popping up in his Tumblr mentions. I wonder if they slept together?” Sources confirmed that Gill, piecing together clues like an FBI analyst testing a swatch of one of the Zodiac victims’ shirts, later tried to match the various women she had zeroed in on with the thin strip of floral garment that hadn’t been fully cropped from the right side of her boyfriend’s Facebook profile picture. 
40	Larry	5	Children Gather At Edge Of Playground To Watch As Self-Driving Tesla Repeatedly Rams Into Fence  CHICAGO—Enthralled by the sight of the 4,000-pound vehicle straining with all its might to break through to them, a group of children had reportedly gathered at the edge of a school playground Wednesday to watch as a self-driving Tesla repeatedly rammed into the fence. “It’s been doing it for, like, 20 minutes straight,” said 10-year-old Alexis Powell, who was among the approximately 30 students who stood just out of reach of the bloodthirsty and determined Tesla Model X. “It was driving along normal but then made a beeline for the playground as soon as it saw us. One kid stuck his finger through earlier, and it was instantly crushed! You can tell it wants in here real bad.” At press time, sources said the students had been called back inside by their teacher, who scolded them for taunting the Tesla by standing so close. 
40	Jon	5	Children Gather At Edge Of Playground To Watch As Self-Driving Tesla Repeatedly Rams Into Fence  CHICAGO—Enthralled by the sight of the 4,000-pound vehicle straining with all its might to break through to them, a group of children had reportedly gathered at the edge of a school playground Wednesday to watch as a self-driving Tesla repeatedly rammed into the fence. “It’s been doing it for, like, 20 minutes straight,” said 10-year-old Alexis Powell, who was among the approximately 30 students who stood just out of reach of the bloodthirsty and determined Tesla Model X. “It was driving along normal but then made a beeline for the playground as soon as it saw us. One kid stuck his finger through earlier, and it was instantly crushed! You can tell it wants in here real bad.” At press time, sources said the students had been called back inside by their teacher, who scolded them for taunting the Tesla by standing so close. 
41	Larry	5	Ohio Officials Point At Glass Of Water To Assure East Palestine Residents It Safe To Look At  EAST PALESTINE, OH—Stressing that there was nothing to worry about in the wake of a derailment of a train carrying the toxic chemical vinyl sulfide, Ohio officials pointed at a glass of water at a press conference Tuesday to assure residents that it was still safe to look at. “See? Absolutely nothing to worry about glancing at a full cup of water taken from this town’s water supply—here! I’ll do it myself!” said Governor Mike DeWine as he maintained firm eye contact with the drinking vessel, admitting that there was a slight tingling in his ears but that this was expected from looking at any normal glass of water. “Don’t be afraid to turn on your shower and really take a gander. Obviously, don’t look too long, or else you’ll get a little ache behind your eyes like I am right now. Huh, it actually kind of hurts. I want to look away, but I can’t. Sorry about this. I might need a second.” At press time, the governor’s head had imploded. 
41	Jon	4	Ohio Officials Point At Glass Of Water To Assure East Palestine Residents It Safe To Look At  EAST PALESTINE, OH—Stressing that there was nothing to worry about in the wake of a derailment of a train carrying the toxic chemical vinyl sulfide, Ohio officials pointed at a glass of water at a press conference Tuesday to assure residents that it was still safe to look at. “See? Absolutely nothing to worry about glancing at a full cup of water taken from this town’s water supply—here! I’ll do it myself!” said Governor Mike DeWine as he maintained firm eye contact with the drinking vessel, admitting that there was a slight tingling in his ears but that this was expected from looking at any normal glass of water. “Don’t be afraid to turn on your shower and really take a gander. Obviously, don’t look too long, or else you’ll get a little ache behind your eyes like I am right now. Huh, it actually kind of hurts. I want to look away, but I can’t. Sorry about this. I might need a second.” At press time, the governor’s head had imploded. 
42	Larry	3	Wistful Woman Doesn’t Want Kids But Still Wants To Name People  ARLINGTON, VA—Struggling with what she called an “impossible decision,” local 32-year-old Olivia Montero told reporters Tuesday  she didn’t want kids, but still wanted to name people. “Even though I’ve never been able to picture myself as a mother, there’s still some biological urge deep inside of me that wants to bestow upon someone  the moniker Joshua,” said Montero, who stated that while she had zero interest in raising or nurturing a child, she just could not escape the feeling that her life would not be complete until she had chosen other people’s names for them. “Every time one of my friends announces they’ve named a new person Sophia, I can’t help thinking: Is that something I want? Is that something that would fulfill me? To name a human being Sophia? And what happens one day when I get old? I don’t want to spend my final years wasting away in some nursing home, regretting how I never named a bunch of people Kylie and Nash and Harrison.” At press time, Montero assured herself that whatever happened, she would still get to name her nieces and nephews.  
42	Jon	2	Wistful Woman Doesn’t Want Kids But Still Wants To Name People  ARLINGTON, VA—Struggling with what she called an “impossible decision,” local 32-year-old Olivia Montero told reporters Tuesday  she didn’t want kids, but still wanted to name people. “Even though I’ve never been able to picture myself as a mother, there’s still some biological urge deep inside of me that wants to bestow upon someone  the moniker Joshua,” said Montero, who stated that while she had zero interest in raising or nurturing a child, she just could not escape the feeling that her life would not be complete until she had chosen other people’s names for them. “Every time one of my friends announces they’ve named a new person Sophia, I can’t help thinking: Is that something I want? Is that something that would fulfill me? To name a human being Sophia? And what happens one day when I get old? I don’t want to spend my final years wasting away in some nursing home, regretting how I never named a bunch of people Kylie and Nash and Harrison.” At press time, Montero assured herself that whatever happened, she would still get to name her nieces and nephews.  
43	Larry	5	New Tesla ‘Memories’ Feature Displays Pictures From Driver’s Life On Dashboard Before Car Explodes  AUSTIN,  TX—Touting the feature as the perfect way to enjoy one’s fondest  moments in the seconds before a fiery death, automaker Tesla rolled out  an update Wednesday that displays pictures from the driver’s life on  their dashboard just before the car explodes. “Our new Memories feature  is our little way of thanking loyal customers who want one last glimpse  at the wonder of their time spent in a Model 3 before a spontaneous  battery fire reduces them to a pile of charred flesh and molten bone,”  said Tesla spokesperson Greg Taylor, describing the slideshow of photos  set to Green Day’s “Good Riddance” as a trip down memory lane that will  span everything from their first moment firing up the car’s self-driving  mode to what their face looks mere instant before 2,000-degree-Celsius explosion  sears the skin from their skull. “As soon as the car senses that its  navigation systems have accidentally sent it careening into oncoming  traffic, the slideshow will immediately kick in and give you an amazing  send-off from the mortal plane. We’re even throwing in some photos of  Elon for true Tesla diehards.” Taylor added that the update will also  include a new Tesla Wrapped feature that replays footage of all the year’s head-on collisions and near-miss traffic fatalities  caused by autopilot. 
43	Jon	4	New Tesla ‘Memories’ Feature Displays Pictures From Driver’s Life On Dashboard Before Car Explodes  AUSTIN,  TX—Touting the feature as the perfect way to enjoy one’s fondest  moments in the seconds before a fiery death, automaker Tesla rolled out  an update Wednesday that displays pictures from the driver’s life on  their dashboard just before the car explodes. “Our new Memories feature  is our little way of thanking loyal customers who want one last glimpse  at the wonder of their time spent in a Model 3 before a spontaneous  battery fire reduces them to a pile of charred flesh and molten bone,”  said Tesla spokesperson Greg Taylor, describing the slideshow of photos  set to Green Day’s “Good Riddance” as a trip down memory lane that will  span everything from their first moment firing up the car’s self-driving  mode to what their face looks mere instant before 2,000-degree-Celsius explosion  sears the skin from their skull. “As soon as the car senses that its  navigation systems have accidentally sent it careening into oncoming  traffic, the slideshow will immediately kick in and give you an amazing  send-off from the mortal plane. We’re even throwing in some photos of  Elon for true Tesla diehards.” Taylor added that the update will also  include a new Tesla Wrapped feature that replays footage of all the year’s head-on collisions and near-miss traffic fatalities  caused by autopilot. 
44	Larry	4	FBI Releases List Of 10 Weirdest People Who Are Actually Harmless Once You Get To Know Them  WASHINGTON—Emphasizing that it was important to always stay vigilant but not freak out about them or anything, the FBI released a list Tuesday of the 10 weirdest people who are actually harmless once you get to know them. “After countless hours of surveillance and research, we have determined that the following people are the most off-putting freaks in America but if you see them, you ultimately have nothing to worry about,” said FBI director Christopher Wray, adding that while each individual had extensive histories of saying odd phrases, pacing, or dressing in crazy outfits, they ultimately wouldn’t hurt anyone. “We’d like to reiterate that the top wackadoos on this list definitely freaked us out at first, with their odd hairdos, the big books they were always reading, and the fact that many of them would randomly skip down the street and sing a song. But in the end, we determined they were absolutely not a danger to anyone, and were actually pretty friendly. You maybe just don’t want to engage with them for too long.” At press time, Wray announced that the FBI had assassinated the highest ranking weird guy after he put on a funky hat and started walking towards a nice suburban neighborhood. 
44	Jon	4	FBI Releases List Of 10 Weirdest People Who Are Actually Harmless Once You Get To Know Them  WASHINGTON—Emphasizing that it was important to always stay vigilant but not freak out about them or anything, the FBI released a list Tuesday of the 10 weirdest people who are actually harmless once you get to know them. “After countless hours of surveillance and research, we have determined that the following people are the most off-putting freaks in America but if you see them, you ultimately have nothing to worry about,” said FBI director Christopher Wray, adding that while each individual had extensive histories of saying odd phrases, pacing, or dressing in crazy outfits, they ultimately wouldn’t hurt anyone. “We’d like to reiterate that the top wackadoos on this list definitely freaked us out at first, with their odd hairdos, the big books they were always reading, and the fact that many of them would randomly skip down the street and sing a song. But in the end, we determined they were absolutely not a danger to anyone, and were actually pretty friendly. You maybe just don’t want to engage with them for too long.” At press time, Wray announced that the FBI had assassinated the highest ranking weird guy after he put on a funky hat and started walking towards a nice suburban neighborhood. 
45	Larry	5	‘No Way To Prevent This,’ Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens  CHESAPEAKE, VA—In the hours following a violent rampage in Virginia in which a lone attacker killed at least six individuals and injured at least four others, citizens living in the only country where this kind of mass killing routinely occurs reportedly concluded Wednesday that there was no way to prevent the massacre from taking place. “This was a terrible tragedy, but sometimes these things just happen and there’s nothing anyone can do to stop them,” said New Mexico resident Gale Madran, echoing sentiments expressed by tens of millions of individuals who reside in a nation where over half of the world’s deadliest mass shootings have occurred in the past 50 years and whose citizens are 20 times more likely to die of gun violence than those of other developed nations. “It’s a shame, but what can we do? There really wasn’t anything that was going to keep this individual from snapping and killing a lot of people if that’s what they really wanted.” At press time, residents of the only economically advanced nation in the world where roughly two mass shootings have occurred every month for the past eight years were referring to themselves and their situation as “helpless.” 
45	Jon	4	‘No Way To Prevent This,’ Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens  CHESAPEAKE, VA—In the hours following a violent rampage in Virginia in which a lone attacker killed at least six individuals and injured at least four others, citizens living in the only country where this kind of mass killing routinely occurs reportedly concluded Wednesday that there was no way to prevent the massacre from taking place. “This was a terrible tragedy, but sometimes these things just happen and there’s nothing anyone can do to stop them,” said New Mexico resident Gale Madran, echoing sentiments expressed by tens of millions of individuals who reside in a nation where over half of the world’s deadliest mass shootings have occurred in the past 50 years and whose citizens are 20 times more likely to die of gun violence than those of other developed nations. “It’s a shame, but what can we do? There really wasn’t anything that was going to keep this individual from snapping and killing a lot of people if that’s what they really wanted.” At press time, residents of the only economically advanced nation in the world where roughly two mass shootings have occurred every month for the past eight years were referring to themselves and their situation as “helpless.” 
46	Larry	4	2024 Election To Be Decided By Whoever Can Keep Hand On White House The Longest  WASHINGTON—In an effort to award the country’s highest office to the nominee who wants it the most, officials announced Tuesday that the 2024 presidential election would be decided by whoever could keep their hand on the White House the longest. “Beginning today, all candidates hoping to become president of the United States will place their hand on the White House in a endurance contest for the ages,” said Federal Election Commission chair Dara Lindenbaum, explaining that the last presidential hopeful to take their hand off the executive residence would be immediately declared commander in chief. “We will go as long as it takes, so please come prepared if you want to be POTUS. While restrooms will not be provided, contestants may use the South Portico. And thank you to our sponsors at 103.5 KISS FM for helping to make this presidential election happen.” At press time, Trump was reportedly eliminated while trying to swat away a bee. 
46	Jon	3	2024 Election To Be Decided By Whoever Can Keep Hand On White House The Longest  WASHINGTON—In an effort to award the country’s highest office to the nominee who wants it the most, officials announced Tuesday that the 2024 presidential election would be decided by whoever could keep their hand on the White House the longest. “Beginning today, all candidates hoping to become president of the United States will place their hand on the White House in a endurance contest for the ages,” said Federal Election Commission chair Dara Lindenbaum, explaining that the last presidential hopeful to take their hand off the executive residence would be immediately declared commander in chief. “We will go as long as it takes, so please come prepared if you want to be POTUS. While restrooms will not be provided, contestants may use the South Portico. And thank you to our sponsors at 103.5 KISS FM for helping to make this presidential election happen.” At press time, Trump was reportedly eliminated while trying to swat away a bee. 
47	Larry	1	Man Has Watched All 761 Movies  MADISON, WI—Watching the final credits roll on Grease 2, local man Rob Denton told reporters Monday that he had now watched all 761 movies. “I did it, I watched them all,” said the visibly exhausted man, who claimed to have spent the majority of his life thus far working his way through all the movies ever made, from Jaws through The Incredibles, plus the few hundred in between. “I started with all the Rocky movies, because, bam, that’s nine right there—then it was smooth sailing for the next 20 years or so. The only ones I didn’t like were the three movies that they made in Italy, because I don’t speak the language. Luckily, all the rest of the movies in existence are in English and available to rent at my local public library. The only question is, what now?” At press time, Denton declared that he would now begin reading all 37 books. 
47	Jon	1	Man Has Watched All 761 Movies  MADISON, WI—Watching the final credits roll on Grease 2, local man Rob Denton told reporters Monday that he had now watched all 761 movies. “I did it, I watched them all,” said the visibly exhausted man, who claimed to have spent the majority of his life thus far working his way through all the movies ever made, from Jaws through The Incredibles, plus the few hundred in between. “I started with all the Rocky movies, because, bam, that’s nine right there—then it was smooth sailing for the next 20 years or so. The only ones I didn’t like were the three movies that they made in Italy, because I don’t speak the language. Luckily, all the rest of the movies in existence are in English and available to rent at my local public library. The only question is, what now?” At press time, Denton declared that he would now begin reading all 37 books. 
48	Larry	5	‘The Onion’ Accidentally Sent Our Sex Columnist To Interview The Pope  The Onion: Let’s start off with an easy question. What do you think about rimming?   Pope Francis: Can we please stick to the topic of religion and the papacy?  The Onion: What was your earliest sexual memory?  Pope Francis: [Makes sign of the cross] The Onion: Will the Catholic Church ever change its stance on banana-flavored condoms?  Pope Francis: I’m going to give you five seconds to leave. The Onion: What if we just stick to questions about like, piss play? Is that sacrilege? Pope Francis: Piss what? The Onion: Where do you fall on bestiality and consent between animals?   Pope Francis: [Whispering to translator] I thought you said they wrote for Catholic Digest Magazine? The Onion: Does God endorse Furries since he created animals and people on the same day? Pope Francis: You traveled all the way to The Vatican to ask me that? The Onion: An anonymous Onion reader asks: My girlfriend recently asked if we could have an open relationship, but I’m nervous about expanding my horizons, especially with men. Do you have any advice for a so-called “threesome virgin?” Pope Francis: Pater Nostro, qui es in caelis, sanctificetur noem tuum. Advenlat regnum tuum. Fiat voluntus tua, silcut in caelo et in terro. The Onion: What’s the Catholic Church’s official policy on pegging?   Pope Francis: [Inaudible praying over rosary beads] The Onion: Do you have a bathroom we could use?  Pope Francis: I am begging you to leave. The Onion: Okay, we’re not really getting anywhere. How about this: Do you ever find yourself getting aroused in the confessional booth? I mean, you hear a sultry or smoky voice, and yet you can’t see them. That sounds pretty erotic, no?  Pope Francis: This is absolutely not an appropriate question. A congregant’s time in the confessional is a moment of connection between them and he Lord Our God, for which the priest is merely a conduit.  The Onion: Follow-up question: do you think God gets aroused?  Pope Francis: Merciful Lord, give me strength. The Onion: Okay, time for rapid fire! You have 10 seconds to answer the following: Dom or sub?  Pope Francis: [Silence] The Onion: Missionary or doggy style?  Pope Francis: [Silence] The Onion: Turn on or turn off: uncircumcised penis.  Pope Francis: [Silence] The Onion: What is your stance on ass play?   Pope Francis: [Silence] The Onion: Professional or amateur porn?   Pope Francis: [Silence]  The Onion: That’s a tough one. There’s really good amateur nowadays. The Onion: Pick one you could never live without: dildo, vibrator, or butt plug. Pope Francis: [Silence] The Onion: Okay. I’m just going to say butt plug. The Onion: Turn on or turn off: full bush? Pope Francis: [Long silence] God help us all. The Onion: Top or Bottom?  Pope Francis: [Rolls eyes.] I suppose being on top puts me closer to God. The Onion: Have you heard of the Mormon practice of “soaking?” It’s where you can stick your penis in a vagina but if you don’t move around, it technically doesn’t qualify as sex. Pope Francis: Listen, I—wait, really? That’s…I mean, come on. That’s obviously still sex. The P is inside the V! You can’t just pretend that’s not what is happening. Good Lord, I mean, jeez. Those people are nuts. The Onion: Care to get real about pre-cum for a moment? Pope Francis: Disgusting! These anti-Catholic attacks from The Onion will not be tolerated! Bet you wouldn’t try this with Islam.  The Onion: Many have said that you are the most progressive pope of all time. What do you think of—   Pope Francis: Please do not ask me about pegging again. The Onion: Speaking from your own experience, do you have any advice for incels?  Pope Francis: Not really. I am celibate by choice. If I weren’t a man of the cloth, I’d be knee deep in pussy. The Onion: You pledged to end sexual abuse in the Catholic Church. How’s that going so far?  Pope Francis: Let’s stick to questions about rimming, please. The Onion: Who is your number-one hall pass celeb?  Pope Francis: Gotta be St. Amalberga. A 7th-century Belgian girl who was a miracle worker and died at the age of 31. How do you do better than that? The Onion: What are some things that turn you on?  Pope Francis: Smiles. Kindness. Big naturals. The Onion: Marry, fuck, kill the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit?   Pope Francis: Fuck the Spirit for sure, marry God, and kill Jesus. 
48	Jon	4	‘The Onion’ Accidentally Sent Our Sex Columnist To Interview The Pope  The Onion: Let’s start off with an easy question. What do you think about rimming?   Pope Francis: Can we please stick to the topic of religion and the papacy?  The Onion: What was your earliest sexual memory?  Pope Francis: [Makes sign of the cross] The Onion: Will the Catholic Church ever change its stance on banana-flavored condoms?  Pope Francis: I’m going to give you five seconds to leave. The Onion: What if we just stick to questions about like, piss play? Is that sacrilege? Pope Francis: Piss what? The Onion: Where do you fall on bestiality and consent between animals?   Pope Francis: [Whispering to translator] I thought you said they wrote for Catholic Digest Magazine? The Onion: Does God endorse Furries since he created animals and people on the same day? Pope Francis: You traveled all the way to The Vatican to ask me that? The Onion: An anonymous Onion reader asks: My girlfriend recently asked if we could have an open relationship, but I’m nervous about expanding my horizons, especially with men. Do you have any advice for a so-called “threesome virgin?” Pope Francis: Pater Nostro, qui es in caelis, sanctificetur noem tuum. Advenlat regnum tuum. Fiat voluntus tua, silcut in caelo et in terro. The Onion: What’s the Catholic Church’s official policy on pegging?   Pope Francis: [Inaudible praying over rosary beads] The Onion: Do you have a bathroom we could use?  Pope Francis: I am begging you to leave. The Onion: Okay, we’re not really getting anywhere. How about this: Do you ever find yourself getting aroused in the confessional booth? I mean, you hear a sultry or smoky voice, and yet you can’t see them. That sounds pretty erotic, no?  Pope Francis: This is absolutely not an appropriate question. A congregant’s time in the confessional is a moment of connection between them and he Lord Our God, for which the priest is merely a conduit.  The Onion: Follow-up question: do you think God gets aroused?  Pope Francis: Merciful Lord, give me strength. The Onion: Okay, time for rapid fire! You have 10 seconds to answer the following: Dom or sub?  Pope Francis: [Silence] The Onion: Missionary or doggy style?  Pope Francis: [Silence] The Onion: Turn on or turn off: uncircumcised penis.  Pope Francis: [Silence] The Onion: What is your stance on ass play?   Pope Francis: [Silence] The Onion: Professional or amateur porn?   Pope Francis: [Silence]  The Onion: That’s a tough one. There’s really good amateur nowadays. The Onion: Pick one you could never live without: dildo, vibrator, or butt plug. Pope Francis: [Silence] The Onion: Okay. I’m just going to say butt plug. The Onion: Turn on or turn off: full bush? Pope Francis: [Long silence] God help us all. The Onion: Top or Bottom?  Pope Francis: [Rolls eyes.] I suppose being on top puts me closer to God. The Onion: Have you heard of the Mormon practice of “soaking?” It’s where you can stick your penis in a vagina but if you don’t move around, it technically doesn’t qualify as sex. Pope Francis: Listen, I—wait, really? That’s…I mean, come on. That’s obviously still sex. The P is inside the V! You can’t just pretend that’s not what is happening. Good Lord, I mean, jeez. Those people are nuts. The Onion: Care to get real about pre-cum for a moment? Pope Francis: Disgusting! These anti-Catholic attacks from The Onion will not be tolerated! Bet you wouldn’t try this with Islam.  The Onion: Many have said that you are the most progressive pope of all time. What do you think of—   Pope Francis: Please do not ask me about pegging again. The Onion: Speaking from your own experience, do you have any advice for incels?  Pope Francis: Not really. I am celibate by choice. If I weren’t a man of the cloth, I’d be knee deep in pussy. The Onion: You pledged to end sexual abuse in the Catholic Church. How’s that going so far?  Pope Francis: Let’s stick to questions about rimming, please. The Onion: Who is your number-one hall pass celeb?  Pope Francis: Gotta be St. Amalberga. A 7th-century Belgian girl who was a miracle worker and died at the age of 31. How do you do better than that? The Onion: What are some things that turn you on?  Pope Francis: Smiles. Kindness. Big naturals. The Onion: Marry, fuck, kill the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit?   Pope Francis: Fuck the Spirit for sure, marry God, and kill Jesus. 
49	Larry	5	Grim Reaper Slows Pace On Sidewalk So As Not To Freak Out Woman Walking Ahead Of Him  LOS ANGELES—In an effort to avoid making her feel nervous as night fell in the city, the Grim Reaper reportedly slowed his pace on the sidewalk Thursday so as not to freak out the woman walking ahead of him. “The last thing I want is for this person to think I’m following her,” said Death, Emissary of the Underworld and Incarnation of Doom, who consciously fell back several paces once the woman turned down a poorly lit side street and he realized they were heading in the same direction. “We’ve already been walking in step for three blocks, and I can tell she’s starting to worry. I tried to speed up and pass her a couple of times, but that only made her walk faster. I mean, I get it. She looks over her shoulder and sees, in the moonlight, a skeletal hand gripping a scythe—why wouldn’t she panic? Probably the nicest thing I could do is cross over and walk on the other side of the street, but it seems like every time I do that someone dies in a car accident.” At press time, sources confirmed the woman had started running up the stairs to her apartment after the Grim Reaper bellowed that she had nothing to fear, it was not her time, and he was only there to claim the soul of another woman who apparently lived in the same building. 
49	Jon	5	Grim Reaper Slows Pace On Sidewalk So As Not To Freak Out Woman Walking Ahead Of Him  LOS ANGELES—In an effort to avoid making her feel nervous as night fell in the city, the Grim Reaper reportedly slowed his pace on the sidewalk Thursday so as not to freak out the woman walking ahead of him. “The last thing I want is for this person to think I’m following her,” said Death, Emissary of the Underworld and Incarnation of Doom, who consciously fell back several paces once the woman turned down a poorly lit side street and he realized they were heading in the same direction. “We’ve already been walking in step for three blocks, and I can tell she’s starting to worry. I tried to speed up and pass her a couple of times, but that only made her walk faster. I mean, I get it. She looks over her shoulder and sees, in the moonlight, a skeletal hand gripping a scythe—why wouldn’t she panic? Probably the nicest thing I could do is cross over and walk on the other side of the street, but it seems like every time I do that someone dies in a car accident.” At press time, sources confirmed the woman had started running up the stairs to her apartment after the Grim Reaper bellowed that she had nothing to fear, it was not her time, and he was only there to claim the soul of another woman who apparently lived in the same building. 
50	Larry	5	Man Who Could Have Been Holding Gun In Diverging Timeline Shot Dead By Police  MOORHEAD, MN—Emphasizing that the officers feared for their safety and had no choice but to open fire, police told reporters Wednesday that a man who was shot dead could have been holding a gun in a diverging timeline. “Today, at approximately 5:30 p.m., officers fired several shots at an unarmed civilian who, due to the randomness of time and space, potentially existed in a parallel universe where he was brandishing a gun,” said Police Chief Garret Anthony, adding that while the victim had no criminal history or record of any kind, there was a nonzero chance that, in other timelines, he had a violent past filled with previous arrests for drugs, robberies, and murder. “While in this reality the victim was holding a cell phone, on the other end of a wormhole, he was sprinting at law enforcement, refusing to follow orders, and clutching a semiautomatic weapon. Somewhere, in another world, if things had gone differently, that man could have gone on a violent rampage and killed the officers. They couldn’t afford to take the chance.” At press time, police had warned that the man they had shot was still alive, dangerous, and at large in alternate universes and put out a $100,000 reward for his arrest. 
50	Jon	5	Man Who Could Have Been Holding Gun In Diverging Timeline Shot Dead By Police  MOORHEAD, MN—Emphasizing that the officers feared for their safety and had no choice but to open fire, police told reporters Wednesday that a man who was shot dead could have been holding a gun in a diverging timeline. “Today, at approximately 5:30 p.m., officers fired several shots at an unarmed civilian who, due to the randomness of time and space, potentially existed in a parallel universe where he was brandishing a gun,” said Police Chief Garret Anthony, adding that while the victim had no criminal history or record of any kind, there was a nonzero chance that, in other timelines, he had a violent past filled with previous arrests for drugs, robberies, and murder. “While in this reality the victim was holding a cell phone, on the other end of a wormhole, he was sprinting at law enforcement, refusing to follow orders, and clutching a semiautomatic weapon. Somewhere, in another world, if things had gone differently, that man could have gone on a violent rampage and killed the officers. They couldn’t afford to take the chance.” At press time, police had warned that the man they had shot was still alive, dangerous, and at large in alternate universes and put out a $100,000 reward for his arrest. 
51	Larry	4	Biden Announces Nation Can Stay Up Till 9:30 Tonight  WASHINGTON—Sighing as he gave in to the demands of all 330 million Americans, President Joe Biden announced Monday that the nation could stay up until 9:30 p.m. just this once. “But then it’s straight off to bed, no complaining,” said the commander in chief, informing the U.S. populace that, should they choose to stay up past their normal bedtime of 8:45, it would mean forgoing a bedtime story and going directly to lights out. “You can watch one episode of Gilmore Girls and eat one Oreo each, okay? But don’t get used to this. And you have to promise me that no one’s going to wake up in the middle of the night and ask to come sleep with me again. If you’re a nation that’s grown up enough to stay up late, you can certainly sleep in your own beds.” At press time, Biden was heard screaming at the nation that it’s 10:15, that he doesn’t care what time Canada goes to bed, and that as long as they’re living in this country, he gets to make the rules. 
51	Jon	2	Biden Announces Nation Can Stay Up Till 9:30 Tonight  WASHINGTON—Sighing as he gave in to the demands of all 330 million Americans, President Joe Biden announced Monday that the nation could stay up until 9:30 p.m. just this once. “But then it’s straight off to bed, no complaining,” said the commander in chief, informing the U.S. populace that, should they choose to stay up past their normal bedtime of 8:45, it would mean forgoing a bedtime story and going directly to lights out. “You can watch one episode of Gilmore Girls and eat one Oreo each, okay? But don’t get used to this. And you have to promise me that no one’s going to wake up in the middle of the night and ask to come sleep with me again. If you’re a nation that’s grown up enough to stay up late, you can certainly sleep in your own beds.” At press time, Biden was heard screaming at the nation that it’s 10:15, that he doesn’t care what time Canada goes to bed, and that as long as they’re living in this country, he gets to make the rules. 
52	Larry	5	‘No Way To Prevent This,’ Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens  MONTEREY PARK, CA—In the hours following a violent rampage in California in which a lone attacker killed  10 individuals and injured 10 others, citizens living in the only country where this kind of mass killing routinely occurs reportedly concluded Monday that there was no way to prevent the massacre from taking place. “This was a terrible tragedy, but sometimes these things just happen and there’s nothing anyone can do to stop them,” said Alabama resident John Duncan, echoing sentiments expressed by tens of millions of individuals who reside in a nation where over half of the world’s deadliest mass shootings have occurred in the past 50 years and whose citizens are 20 times more likely to die of gun violence than those of other developed nations. “It’s a shame, but what can we do? There really wasn’t anything that was going to keep this individual from snapping and killing a lot of people if that’s what they really wanted.” At press time, residents of the only economically advanced nation in the world where roughly two mass shootings have occurred every month for the past eight years were referring to themselves and their situation as “helpless.” 
52	Jon	5	‘No Way To Prevent This,’ Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens  MONTEREY PARK, CA—In the hours following a violent rampage in California in which a lone attacker killed  10 individuals and injured 10 others, citizens living in the only country where this kind of mass killing routinely occurs reportedly concluded Monday that there was no way to prevent the massacre from taking place. “This was a terrible tragedy, but sometimes these things just happen and there’s nothing anyone can do to stop them,” said Alabama resident John Duncan, echoing sentiments expressed by tens of millions of individuals who reside in a nation where over half of the world’s deadliest mass shootings have occurred in the past 50 years and whose citizens are 20 times more likely to die of gun violence than those of other developed nations. “It’s a shame, but what can we do? There really wasn’t anything that was going to keep this individual from snapping and killing a lot of people if that’s what they really wanted.” At press time, residents of the only economically advanced nation in the world where roughly two mass shootings have occurred every month for the past eight years were referring to themselves and their situation as “helpless.” 
53	Larry	5	Blue Cross CEO Admits It Would Really Help If Sick Insured People Just Killed Themselves  CHICAGO—Stressing  that such individuals would be doing her company a solid, Blue Cross Blue Shield  CEO Kim Keck announced Wednesday that it would really help if sick  insured people just killed themselves. “Look, let me be frank here, if a  few hundred thousand people deep into cancer treatment just offed  themselves, our quarterly revenue would be boosted in a big way,” said  Keck, who admitted it would help her fellow board members if any policyholder suffering from Alzheimer’s disease, a debilitating stroke,  diabetes, or any other expensive late-stage illness could simply blow  their brains out. “Honestly, even if you’re only coming down with a bad fever, you’d be making our lives a lot easier if you went and hung yourself. Just  make sure you actually have the guts to go through with it. Because if  you get paralyzed from a botched attempt and we have to pay for some  sad sack coma case, the rest of the execs will be pissed.” Keck rushed to  clarify that any patients considering helping them out should not apply  for assisted suicide, as that wasn’t covered under any of their plans. 
53	Jon	5	Blue Cross CEO Admits It Would Really Help If Sick Insured People Just Killed Themselves  CHICAGO—Stressing  that such individuals would be doing her company a solid, Blue Cross Blue Shield  CEO Kim Keck announced Wednesday that it would really help if sick  insured people just killed themselves. “Look, let me be frank here, if a  few hundred thousand people deep into cancer treatment just offed  themselves, our quarterly revenue would be boosted in a big way,” said  Keck, who admitted it would help her fellow board members if any policyholder suffering from Alzheimer’s disease, a debilitating stroke,  diabetes, or any other expensive late-stage illness could simply blow  their brains out. “Honestly, even if you’re only coming down with a bad fever, you’d be making our lives a lot easier if you went and hung yourself. Just  make sure you actually have the guts to go through with it. Because if  you get paralyzed from a botched attempt and we have to pay for some  sad sack coma case, the rest of the execs will be pissed.” Keck rushed to  clarify that any patients considering helping them out should not apply  for assisted suicide, as that wasn’t covered under any of their plans. 
54	Larry	3	Taco Bell Introduces New Cheesy Beef Dunk Tank  IRVINE, CA—Calling its latest offering the ultimate innovation in Mexican-inspired fast food, restaurant chain Taco Bell announced Thursday that it had added a cheesy beef dunk tank to its menu. “At select locations throughout the country, customers can now get their Taco Bell fix through total immersion in a 600-gallon dunk tank filled with mouthwatering molten cheese and spicy meat,” said vice president of marketing Morgan Niedermeyer, who demonstrated how one could enjoy the new menu item by sitting on a collapsible bench, egging on fellow diners to throw a wad of refried beans at a target, and plummeting into a delicious blend of nacho sauce, reduced-fat sour cream, and seasoned ground beef. “Patrons can expect to be slathered in all the great Taco Bell ingredients they crave, customizing their dunk tank with up to 3 feet of lettuce and onions, or turning up the heat with a full cubic yard of our signature hot sauce—all for only $3.99. Visit your nearest participating location today to take the plunge.” Niedermeyer went on to confirm that vegetarian diners could choose to leave out the beef and substitute 4,500 side orders of black beans to make it vegetarian. 
54	Jon	2	Taco Bell Introduces New Cheesy Beef Dunk Tank  IRVINE, CA—Calling its latest offering the ultimate innovation in Mexican-inspired fast food, restaurant chain Taco Bell announced Thursday that it had added a cheesy beef dunk tank to its menu. “At select locations throughout the country, customers can now get their Taco Bell fix through total immersion in a 600-gallon dunk tank filled with mouthwatering molten cheese and spicy meat,” said vice president of marketing Morgan Niedermeyer, who demonstrated how one could enjoy the new menu item by sitting on a collapsible bench, egging on fellow diners to throw a wad of refried beans at a target, and plummeting into a delicious blend of nacho sauce, reduced-fat sour cream, and seasoned ground beef. “Patrons can expect to be slathered in all the great Taco Bell ingredients they crave, customizing their dunk tank with up to 3 feet of lettuce and onions, or turning up the heat with a full cubic yard of our signature hot sauce—all for only $3.99. Visit your nearest participating location today to take the plunge.” Niedermeyer went on to confirm that vegetarian diners could choose to leave out the beef and substitute 4,500 side orders of black beans to make it vegetarian. 
55	Larry	3	CDC Issues Dire Warning That Nick Cannon Is Feeling Horny  ATLANTA—Cautioning Americans against the continuing outbreak of fatherhood among the popular television host, representatives from the Centers for Disease Control issued a dire warning Tuesday to alert the public that Nick Cannon was feeling horny. “We urge all U.S. residents, especially women of childbearing age, to shelter in place until such time as we are able to confirm Mr. Cannon is no longer aroused,” said CDC director Rochelle Walensky, adding that if people must leave their homes, they should avoid areas where they are most at risk of Nick Cannon, such as the club. “If, despite these precautions, you still finding yourself having sex with Nick Cannon, please practice multiple birth control methods to help limit the spread of his paternity through the nation’s population centers. While the government is working to distribute funds to those fathered by Mr. Cannon, there is a limit to how much any successful TV personality can pay in child support.” At press time, top CDC officials announced they were all pregnant and Nick Cannon was the father.  
55	Jon	4	CDC Issues Dire Warning That Nick Cannon Is Feeling Horny  ATLANTA—Cautioning Americans against the continuing outbreak of fatherhood among the popular television host, representatives from the Centers for Disease Control issued a dire warning Tuesday to alert the public that Nick Cannon was feeling horny. “We urge all U.S. residents, especially women of childbearing age, to shelter in place until such time as we are able to confirm Mr. Cannon is no longer aroused,” said CDC director Rochelle Walensky, adding that if people must leave their homes, they should avoid areas where they are most at risk of Nick Cannon, such as the club. “If, despite these precautions, you still finding yourself having sex with Nick Cannon, please practice multiple birth control methods to help limit the spread of his paternity through the nation’s population centers. While the government is working to distribute funds to those fathered by Mr. Cannon, there is a limit to how much any successful TV personality can pay in child support.” At press time, top CDC officials announced they were all pregnant and Nick Cannon was the father.  
56	Larry	4	Custody Agreement Designates Wednesdays For Child To Wander Around Entirely On Own  STEUBENVILLE, OH—In an effort to achieve a fair resolution to the couple’s divorce, Jefferson County Judge Thomas Atcherson decided on a custody agreement this week that designated Wednesdays for local boy Tyler Cardell to wander around entirely on his own. “Tyler will stay with his mother Sunday through Tuesday, while the father will take the child Thursday through Saturday, leaving an extra day in the middle of the week when he will roam the streets by himself,” said Atcherson, who described the arrangement as the best way to ensure the legally separated parents received an  equal number of days with their 8-year-old every week. “On Wednesdays, the mother will drop the child off on the corner or at a place of his choosing, and then his father will coordinate with Tyler on what time to pick him up from wherever he ends up the next morning. It’s important to respect everyone’s time with the boy, whether it’s the parents or the complete strangers he meets while drifting around town.” At press time, both parents were reportedly contesting the arrangement in the hopes of having more days for their child to wander around unattended. 
56	Jon	4	Custody Agreement Designates Wednesdays For Child To Wander Around Entirely On Own  STEUBENVILLE, OH—In an effort to achieve a fair resolution to the couple’s divorce, Jefferson County Judge Thomas Atcherson decided on a custody agreement this week that designated Wednesdays for local boy Tyler Cardell to wander around entirely on his own. “Tyler will stay with his mother Sunday through Tuesday, while the father will take the child Thursday through Saturday, leaving an extra day in the middle of the week when he will roam the streets by himself,” said Atcherson, who described the arrangement as the best way to ensure the legally separated parents received an  equal number of days with their 8-year-old every week. “On Wednesdays, the mother will drop the child off on the corner or at a place of his choosing, and then his father will coordinate with Tyler on what time to pick him up from wherever he ends up the next morning. It’s important to respect everyone’s time with the boy, whether it’s the parents or the complete strangers he meets while drifting around town.” At press time, both parents were reportedly contesting the arrangement in the hopes of having more days for their child to wander around unattended. 
57	Larry	5	Things Former Twitter Employees Said About Elon Musk That Got Them Fired  Rule No. 1 of working at Twitter? Do not insult the chief twit. Here are things that former employees said about Elon Musk that immediately got them fired. Exactly something a social justice warrior would say. That runs directly counter to Musk’s plan to drive this baby into the ground. All wives were supposed to be turned in last week. Employees of Twitter 2.0 must hold their urine for at least 27 hours. No. Elon Musk may be a fucking tool, but even he knows everything Weezer made after Pinkerton is reductive drivel. Algorithm caught the word “union” and immediately sent security. Not a chance. Elon Musk is the most nimble, athletic man on earth. Not very “hardcore” to complain about spending the weekend trapped in Twitter headquarters, is it? No one wants to work with a liar. Read the room. You know bots don’t get a nice severance package, either. He already knows. Stop wasting time! This is apparently the thing Musk is most sensitive about. Sitting reduces crucial blood flow to employees’ brains, which should be working nonstop to make Twitter profitable. Threats to Musk’s corporate propagation plan will not be tolerated. It’s also inappropriate for employees not to be talking about him. Only absolute loyalty will be accepted! Should’ve taken the horse. 
57	Jon	5	Things Former Twitter Employees Said About Elon Musk That Got Them Fired  Rule No. 1 of working at Twitter? Do not insult the chief twit. Here are things that former employees said about Elon Musk that immediately got them fired. Exactly something a social justice warrior would say. That runs directly counter to Musk’s plan to drive this baby into the ground. All wives were supposed to be turned in last week. Employees of Twitter 2.0 must hold their urine for at least 27 hours. No. Elon Musk may be a fucking tool, but even he knows everything Weezer made after Pinkerton is reductive drivel. Algorithm caught the word “union” and immediately sent security. Not a chance. Elon Musk is the most nimble, athletic man on earth. Not very “hardcore” to complain about spending the weekend trapped in Twitter headquarters, is it? No one wants to work with a liar. Read the room. You know bots don’t get a nice severance package, either. He already knows. Stop wasting time! This is apparently the thing Musk is most sensitive about. Sitting reduces crucial blood flow to employees’ brains, which should be working nonstop to make Twitter profitable. Threats to Musk’s corporate propagation plan will not be tolerated. It’s also inappropriate for employees not to be talking about him. Only absolute loyalty will be accepted! Should’ve taken the horse. 
58	Larry	4	CEOs React To Arrest Of Sam Bankman-Fried  Disgraced FTX Cryptocurrency founder Sam Bankman-Fried was arrested in the Bahamas for defrauding investors. The Onion asked prominent CEOs what they thought about the arrest of the “Crypto King,” and this is what they said. “If you need him killed, I’m your gal.” “Luckily, no one that was me was hurt.” “Thank god no one really understands what it is we do, or we’d probably be in a similar boat.” “And to think, I trusted him with all of Fidelity’s clients’ money.” “Everyone hate him mean everyone more love me?” “You want me to feed him into the cow smusher? I bet he’d smush up real nice.” “I never say this, but he probably should have spent less time playing video games and more time covering his tracks.” “We’ll find him a job. We don’t check shit.” “Nothing beats the warm look of film to make your mug shots special.” “This is why it’s important to just play the slow and steady game of getting richer and richer through the widely accepted practice of planned obsolescence.” “I’ve always said that crypto is bullshit.” “He should have bought 5,000 units of handcuff keys from one of our many trusted vendors.” “Wow, that’s so crazy. So messed up. Anyways, I have to go to Russia now for a, uh, dentist appointment.” “He did what with whose asshole? Oh, he didn’t do anything like that? Sorry, I guess I zoned out and just let my mind wander.” “It pains me to say we’ve lost our horniest customer.” “Dibs! Dibs, dibs, dibs. Hulu, you heard that? Dibs.” “He just did what any of us wealthy sociopaths would have done.” “This is exactly why we keep polyamorous polycules within the family.” “Sorry, I still don’t know what these ‘consequences’ are that everyone seems to be into lately.” “I can’t think of anything more evil someone could do than steal money from investors.” “I repeatedly offered to smuggle him anywhere in the world in one of our special FedEx human trafficking boxes, and I bet now he’s wishing he took me up on it.” “I lost $50 million on an investment to make digital food with that guy.” “Oof, he’ll have a hard time finding a lawyer right now in the middle of corporate litigation season.” “It’s really too bad, we were this close to creating a monstrous crypto-pharmaceutical industry hybrid that would cause more problems than the world has ever seen.” “Pizza pizza.” “So that’s why we saw searches for ‘extradition laws’ shoot up in the Bahamas last week.” “Should have been smart and stuck to fucking children on Epstein’s plane.” CEOs Predict The Future Of The Metaverse Habits Of Silicon Valley’s Most Powerful Fortune 500 CEOs What To Say To Someone Who Lost Money In The Crypto Crash Back To Homepage 
58	Jon	3	CEOs React To Arrest Of Sam Bankman-Fried  Disgraced FTX Cryptocurrency founder Sam Bankman-Fried was arrested in the Bahamas for defrauding investors. The Onion asked prominent CEOs what they thought about the arrest of the “Crypto King,” and this is what they said. “If you need him killed, I’m your gal.” “Luckily, no one that was me was hurt.” “Thank god no one really understands what it is we do, or we’d probably be in a similar boat.” “And to think, I trusted him with all of Fidelity’s clients’ money.” “Everyone hate him mean everyone more love me?” “You want me to feed him into the cow smusher? I bet he’d smush up real nice.” “I never say this, but he probably should have spent less time playing video games and more time covering his tracks.” “We’ll find him a job. We don’t check shit.” “Nothing beats the warm look of film to make your mug shots special.” “This is why it’s important to just play the slow and steady game of getting richer and richer through the widely accepted practice of planned obsolescence.” “I’ve always said that crypto is bullshit.” “He should have bought 5,000 units of handcuff keys from one of our many trusted vendors.” “Wow, that’s so crazy. So messed up. Anyways, I have to go to Russia now for a, uh, dentist appointment.” “He did what with whose asshole? Oh, he didn’t do anything like that? Sorry, I guess I zoned out and just let my mind wander.” “It pains me to say we’ve lost our horniest customer.” “Dibs! Dibs, dibs, dibs. Hulu, you heard that? Dibs.” “He just did what any of us wealthy sociopaths would have done.” “This is exactly why we keep polyamorous polycules within the family.” “Sorry, I still don’t know what these ‘consequences’ are that everyone seems to be into lately.” “I can’t think of anything more evil someone could do than steal money from investors.” “I repeatedly offered to smuggle him anywhere in the world in one of our special FedEx human trafficking boxes, and I bet now he’s wishing he took me up on it.” “I lost $50 million on an investment to make digital food with that guy.” “Oof, he’ll have a hard time finding a lawyer right now in the middle of corporate litigation season.” “It’s really too bad, we were this close to creating a monstrous crypto-pharmaceutical industry hybrid that would cause more problems than the world has ever seen.” “Pizza pizza.” “So that’s why we saw searches for ‘extradition laws’ shoot up in the Bahamas last week.” “Should have been smart and stuck to fucking children on Epstein’s plane.” CEOs Predict The Future Of The Metaverse Habits Of Silicon Valley’s Most Powerful Fortune 500 CEOs What To Say To Someone Who Lost Money In The Crypto Crash Back To Homepage 
59	Larry	4	Drill Sergeant Struggling To Communicate That New Recruits Are, In Fact, The Worst He’s Ever Seen  FORT JACKSON, SC— Expressing frustration at his inability to accurately describe his assessment of his current trainees, sources confirmed Tuesday that a drill sergeant was struggling to communicate that his new recruits were, in fact, the worst he’s ever seen. “You’re the lowliest pack of maggots that I ever laid eyes on, and I’m not being facetious or in any way hyperbolic when I say that,” said Sergeant James Barber, wondering if he should draw some kind of graph as a visual aid to help his recruits recognize that he wasn’t simply attempting to rouse them to work harder. “I know I’m shouting at the top of my lungs right now, but it’s just because I want to be clear that, on an objective scale, you are the least-capable bunch of recruits that has come through this facility. When I say ‘worst,’ that isn’t just a turn of phrase, I want to really drive that point home, you’re not great. You all make me sick, and again, that is literal, I’m nauseous and need to sit down for a minute.” At press time, the drill sergeant wondered whether there was some kind of homophobic slur he could use to describe the new recruits. 
59	Jon	4	Drill Sergeant Struggling To Communicate That New Recruits Are, In Fact, The Worst He’s Ever Seen  FORT JACKSON, SC— Expressing frustration at his inability to accurately describe his assessment of his current trainees, sources confirmed Tuesday that a drill sergeant was struggling to communicate that his new recruits were, in fact, the worst he’s ever seen. “You’re the lowliest pack of maggots that I ever laid eyes on, and I’m not being facetious or in any way hyperbolic when I say that,” said Sergeant James Barber, wondering if he should draw some kind of graph as a visual aid to help his recruits recognize that he wasn’t simply attempting to rouse them to work harder. “I know I’m shouting at the top of my lungs right now, but it’s just because I want to be clear that, on an objective scale, you are the least-capable bunch of recruits that has come through this facility. When I say ‘worst,’ that isn’t just a turn of phrase, I want to really drive that point home, you’re not great. You all make me sick, and again, that is literal, I’m nauseous and need to sit down for a minute.” At press time, the drill sergeant wondered whether there was some kind of homophobic slur he could use to describe the new recruits. 
60	Larry	3	Study Finds Plants Communicate Using Underground Network Of Spies  CAMBRIDGE, MA—In pioneering new research that could revolutionize the understanding of Earth’s flora, a study published Monday by biologists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology found that plants communicate using an underground network of spies. “For the first time, we have been able to intercept the top-secret messages carried by covert operatives working under deep cover in the soil,” said MIT botanist Rehka Laurier, who in order to conduct the study spent years infiltrating Midwestern farmlands to cultivate assets among corn seedlings. “Once we learned to decode the complex chemical formulas these spies used to communicate, we were able to obtain intelligence on where vital water resources were located and when aphids or a swarm of locusts might be planning their next attack.” At press time, Laurier was reportedly distraught after learning her whole network of sources in Nebraska had been burnt for crop insurance money.  
60	Jon	3	Study Finds Plants Communicate Using Underground Network Of Spies  CAMBRIDGE, MA—In pioneering new research that could revolutionize the understanding of Earth’s flora, a study published Monday by biologists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology found that plants communicate using an underground network of spies. “For the first time, we have been able to intercept the top-secret messages carried by covert operatives working under deep cover in the soil,” said MIT botanist Rehka Laurier, who in order to conduct the study spent years infiltrating Midwestern farmlands to cultivate assets among corn seedlings. “Once we learned to decode the complex chemical formulas these spies used to communicate, we were able to obtain intelligence on where vital water resources were located and when aphids or a swarm of locusts might be planning their next attack.” At press time, Laurier was reportedly distraught after learning her whole network of sources in Nebraska had been burnt for crop insurance money.  
61	Larry	1	Bird Claims Its Mother Makes The Best Vomit In The World  DOTHAN, AL—Offering accolades for the homemade puke it grew up eating, a local barn swallow told reporters Friday that its mother made the best vomit in the world. “I know everyone says this, but no one can regurgitate like my mom does,” said the migratory songbird, explaining that it had eaten vomit from some of the best sidewalks in the country and still nothing compared to its mother’s blend of freshly disgorged, bile-infused nutrients. “It’s the perfect combination of partially digested worms, flies, seeds, and a little hint of love. Plus, she makes it extra chunky, just the way I like it.” At press time, grieving sources reported that the barn swallow’s mother had bounced off a car windshield and died before she was able to pass the recipe down to her family. 
61	Jon	1	Bird Claims Its Mother Makes The Best Vomit In The World  DOTHAN, AL—Offering accolades for the homemade puke it grew up eating, a local barn swallow told reporters Friday that its mother made the best vomit in the world. “I know everyone says this, but no one can regurgitate like my mom does,” said the migratory songbird, explaining that it had eaten vomit from some of the best sidewalks in the country and still nothing compared to its mother’s blend of freshly disgorged, bile-infused nutrients. “It’s the perfect combination of partially digested worms, flies, seeds, and a little hint of love. Plus, she makes it extra chunky, just the way I like it.” At press time, grieving sources reported that the barn swallow’s mother had bounced off a car windshield and died before she was able to pass the recipe down to her family. 
62	Larry	4	Musicians Explain Why They Hate Ticketmaster  Following recent Senate hearings on Ticketmaster, more and more artists are speaking out against the online ticket-sales monolith. The Onion asked musicians how they felt about the platform, and this is what they said. “I’m confident I can deliver my fans $59 worth of concert value, but adding the extra $9 puts way too much pressure on me.” “I wasn’t able to get Taylor Swift tickets, and now the only way I can see her on tour is as the opening act.” “My fans are so old that even the slightest hiccup in purchasing will kill them.” “We used to date.” “Their website has way too many buttons.” “Oh, so I need a reason to hate stuff now?” “I’m tired of hooking up with bots on my tour bus.” “These middlemen are awful. I miss the days when I got to directly shake down my most committed fans.” “They misspelled my name once, and ever since I’ve had to be this Lorde person when performing. ‘Lorde’? Just what the hell is that? I sound like an idiot.” “If I’m going to tour again, I don’t want the Senate having little meetings about it.” “My manager told me I had to hate them for the next three to five weeks.” “I’m generally against things that didn’t originate on a farm.” “They’ve refused to distribute tickets to my open-mic comedy shows.” “I can never get past the Captcha.” “They’ve stolen the amulet from which I derive my unnatural youth and will destroy it unless I continue to tour for all of time.” “Their wanton abuse of market power is antithetical to the ideals of the American economy. Plus, they said no when I asked for a cut of the processing fees.” “I wouldn’t know. All tickets to my shows mysteriously appear under my fans’ pillows as they sleep.” Grammy-Winning Musicians Describe Their Writing Process Actors Describe What It’s Really Like Shooting Famous Sex Scenes The Worst Sports Teams Of All Time Back To Homepage 
62	Jon	2	Musicians Explain Why They Hate Ticketmaster  Following recent Senate hearings on Ticketmaster, more and more artists are speaking out against the online ticket-sales monolith. The Onion asked musicians how they felt about the platform, and this is what they said. “I’m confident I can deliver my fans $59 worth of concert value, but adding the extra $9 puts way too much pressure on me.” “I wasn’t able to get Taylor Swift tickets, and now the only way I can see her on tour is as the opening act.” “My fans are so old that even the slightest hiccup in purchasing will kill them.” “We used to date.” “Their website has way too many buttons.” “Oh, so I need a reason to hate stuff now?” “I’m tired of hooking up with bots on my tour bus.” “These middlemen are awful. I miss the days when I got to directly shake down my most committed fans.” “They misspelled my name once, and ever since I’ve had to be this Lorde person when performing. ‘Lorde’? Just what the hell is that? I sound like an idiot.” “If I’m going to tour again, I don’t want the Senate having little meetings about it.” “My manager told me I had to hate them for the next three to five weeks.” “I’m generally against things that didn’t originate on a farm.” “They’ve refused to distribute tickets to my open-mic comedy shows.” “I can never get past the Captcha.” “They’ve stolen the amulet from which I derive my unnatural youth and will destroy it unless I continue to tour for all of time.” “Their wanton abuse of market power is antithetical to the ideals of the American economy. Plus, they said no when I asked for a cut of the processing fees.” “I wouldn’t know. All tickets to my shows mysteriously appear under my fans’ pillows as they sleep.” Grammy-Winning Musicians Describe Their Writing Process Actors Describe What It’s Really Like Shooting Famous Sex Scenes The Worst Sports Teams Of All Time Back To Homepage 
63	Larry	5	‘Eh…You Get The Picture,’ Says Biden, Ending State Of The Union 45 Seconds Into Speech  WASHINGTON—President Joe Biden ended Tuesday night’s State of the Union address 45 seconds after he began it, limiting the annual speech to a few muttered phrases before he told the joint session of Congress and millions watching at home that he was sure everyone got the general idea. “Yeah, so, I just want to quickly mention the usual stuff about job creation, the state of union being strong, and all that,” said Biden, who after a brief nod of acknowledgment made no eye contact with his audience or the television cameras, instead scrolling listlessly through his phone as he delivered his message to the American people. “You get the picture, more or less, so I’m not going to keep anybody any later than necessary just so I can go on and on about putting aside our differences, finding common ground, and working together. God knows I’ve sat through enough of these in my life, and I assume you have as well. Good night.” The speech was immediately followed by a 30-second GOP rebuttal during which Arkansas Gov. and former Trump press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders appeared to nod off mid-falsehood. 
63	Jon	3	‘Eh…You Get The Picture,’ Says Biden, Ending State Of The Union 45 Seconds Into Speech  WASHINGTON—President Joe Biden ended Tuesday night’s State of the Union address 45 seconds after he began it, limiting the annual speech to a few muttered phrases before he told the joint session of Congress and millions watching at home that he was sure everyone got the general idea. “Yeah, so, I just want to quickly mention the usual stuff about job creation, the state of union being strong, and all that,” said Biden, who after a brief nod of acknowledgment made no eye contact with his audience or the television cameras, instead scrolling listlessly through his phone as he delivered his message to the American people. “You get the picture, more or less, so I’m not going to keep anybody any later than necessary just so I can go on and on about putting aside our differences, finding common ground, and working together. God knows I’ve sat through enough of these in my life, and I assume you have as well. Good night.” The speech was immediately followed by a 30-second GOP rebuttal during which Arkansas Gov. and former Trump press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders appeared to nod off mid-falsehood. 
64	Larry	1	Mom Wants One Of Those Things Your Sister Has For Christmas  ​CHICAGO—Noting that your sibling always mentions that she really likes hers and uses it all the time, your mother confirmed Thursday that she wants one of those things your sister has for Christmas. “Oh, I don’t need much—you could just get me that thing your sister got a while back,” said Mom, adding that she thinks you can buy them from Target, but if you can’t find them there, they’ll probably have them at the mall or maybe on the internet. “Just tell your sister it’s the thing she showed me when we came over for dinner. I said I thought it was neat. She’ll know what you’re talking about.” At press time, Mom added that if the thing was unavailable, a gift certificate for that one place you went to once would also be nice. 
64	Jon	1	Mom Wants One Of Those Things Your Sister Has For Christmas  ​CHICAGO—Noting that your sibling always mentions that she really likes hers and uses it all the time, your mother confirmed Thursday that she wants one of those things your sister has for Christmas. “Oh, I don’t need much—you could just get me that thing your sister got a while back,” said Mom, adding that she thinks you can buy them from Target, but if you can’t find them there, they’ll probably have them at the mall or maybe on the internet. “Just tell your sister it’s the thing she showed me when we came over for dinner. I said I thought it was neat. She’ll know what you’re talking about.” At press time, Mom added that if the thing was unavailable, a gift certificate for that one place you went to once would also be nice. 
65	Larry	2	Netflix Announces There No Way In Hell It Giving Biden 5-Episode Nature Special After Office  LOS GATOS, CA—In a statement confirming the 46th president of the United States would not be providing it with so much as a voice-over, let alone an onscreen appearance, Netflix announced Monday there was no way in hell it would give President Joe Biden a five-episode nature special after he left office. “You’re out of your mind if you think we’re letting a meandering, half-coherent speaker like that anywhere near a docuseries on humpback whales or the rain forest or anything else,” said Netflix CEO Ted Sarandos, who explained that while not signing any deal of any kind with the president was a sound business strategy, the decision arose more from the conviction that no endangered species on the planet deserved to have Biden as a spokesperson. “Seriously, just think of that guy’s voice for a second and then try to imagine him delivering an inspirational narration about the majesty of the natural world. It’s impossible. After a half century of Beltway glad-handing, he can’t do anything else.” Sarandos went on to confirm, however, that Netflix had green-lighted 10 seasons of a scripted dramatic series in which each episode would be based on some trite bullshit Biden remembers his dad telling him.  
65	Jon	2	Netflix Announces There No Way In Hell It Giving Biden 5-Episode Nature Special After Office  LOS GATOS, CA—In a statement confirming the 46th president of the United States would not be providing it with so much as a voice-over, let alone an onscreen appearance, Netflix announced Monday there was no way in hell it would give President Joe Biden a five-episode nature special after he left office. “You’re out of your mind if you think we’re letting a meandering, half-coherent speaker like that anywhere near a docuseries on humpback whales or the rain forest or anything else,” said Netflix CEO Ted Sarandos, who explained that while not signing any deal of any kind with the president was a sound business strategy, the decision arose more from the conviction that no endangered species on the planet deserved to have Biden as a spokesperson. “Seriously, just think of that guy’s voice for a second and then try to imagine him delivering an inspirational narration about the majesty of the natural world. It’s impossible. After a half century of Beltway glad-handing, he can’t do anything else.” Sarandos went on to confirm, however, that Netflix had green-lighted 10 seasons of a scripted dramatic series in which each episode would be based on some trite bullshit Biden remembers his dad telling him.  
66	Larry	2	‘You’re Going To Want To Take 3 Quick Lefts’ Says Passenger Expertly Hiding That He Fucked Up Directions  MORRISTOWN, NJ—Warning that if you pass the high school you should just keep going because this way is actually quicker, local man Zach Bishop told sources Wednesday that you “want to take three quick lefts” while expertly hiding that he fucked up his directions. “You want to turn on Budd and then Searing, then quick another quick left on Western,” said Bishop, rapidly and smoothly correcting after realizing he had given the wrong gas station as a landmark to look out for. “Turning left there is always tough, plus I think you have fewer lights, so it’s way faster. It seems weird to go past the park, but you have to loop around to get back that way because of the dead end. Just don’t turn right at the deli because then you’ll just have to make a U-turn.” At press time, Bishop was condemning how unreliable technology had become after Google Maps suggested just turning right at the gas station. 
66	Jon	2	‘You’re Going To Want To Take 3 Quick Lefts’ Says Passenger Expertly Hiding That He Fucked Up Directions  MORRISTOWN, NJ—Warning that if you pass the high school you should just keep going because this way is actually quicker, local man Zach Bishop told sources Wednesday that you “want to take three quick lefts” while expertly hiding that he fucked up his directions. “You want to turn on Budd and then Searing, then quick another quick left on Western,” said Bishop, rapidly and smoothly correcting after realizing he had given the wrong gas station as a landmark to look out for. “Turning left there is always tough, plus I think you have fewer lights, so it’s way faster. It seems weird to go past the park, but you have to loop around to get back that way because of the dead end. Just don’t turn right at the deli because then you’ll just have to make a U-turn.” At press time, Bishop was condemning how unreliable technology had become after Google Maps suggested just turning right at the gas station. 
67	Larry	3	‘It’s Not Too Bad,’ Says Man As Hot Sauce Begins Disintegrating Jaw  MITCHELL, SD—After assuring his dinner companions at Blarney’s Sports Bar and Grill that he was more than capable of handling a little spice, area man Jared Perkins was overheard saying “It’s not too bad” as the hot sauce he was eating began to disintegrate his lower jaw. According to sources, the 29-year-old choked out the words “I’ve definitely had spicier” as the corrosive, 500,000-Scoville-unit condiment in which his chicken wing had been doused ate away at his lips, gums, and tongue. Though the smell of burning flesh filled the air the moment his fingertips touched the sauce, and the tears streaming from his eyes evaporated with a sizzle upon the heat of his cheeks, Perkins is said to have declined multiple offers of water. Witnesses confirmed he did this by shaking his head, his ability to speak having been compromised once the wing dressing had dissolved enough muscle tissue to leave his jawbone dangling from a single, thinning tendon. Shortly before suffering multiple organ failure, Perkins reportedly wrote on a napkin that if the restaurant didn’t have anything hotter, he would simply have to pour more sauce onto his next bite to compensate for “this weak shit” he had been served.  
67	Jon	3	‘It’s Not Too Bad,’ Says Man As Hot Sauce Begins Disintegrating Jaw  MITCHELL, SD—After assuring his dinner companions at Blarney’s Sports Bar and Grill that he was more than capable of handling a little spice, area man Jared Perkins was overheard saying “It’s not too bad” as the hot sauce he was eating began to disintegrate his lower jaw. According to sources, the 29-year-old choked out the words “I’ve definitely had spicier” as the corrosive, 500,000-Scoville-unit condiment in which his chicken wing had been doused ate away at his lips, gums, and tongue. Though the smell of burning flesh filled the air the moment his fingertips touched the sauce, and the tears streaming from his eyes evaporated with a sizzle upon the heat of his cheeks, Perkins is said to have declined multiple offers of water. Witnesses confirmed he did this by shaking his head, his ability to speak having been compromised once the wing dressing had dissolved enough muscle tissue to leave his jawbone dangling from a single, thinning tendon. Shortly before suffering multiple organ failure, Perkins reportedly wrote on a napkin that if the restaurant didn’t have anything hotter, he would simply have to pour more sauce onto his next bite to compensate for “this weak shit” he had been served.  
68	Larry	1	Brain Surgeon Holds Little Mirror Behind Patient’s Head So She Can See How It Looking So Far  NEW YORK—Three hours into a craniotomy at New York–Presbyterian Hospital on Friday, brain surgeon James Roth reportedly held a small mirror up behind the patient’s head so she could see how the surgery was looking so far. “Do we love it?” asked the neurosurgeon, who used the handheld looking glass in tandem with a wall-mounted mirror to show brain injury victim Mary Sheehan where he had clipped the pesky aneurysm that had been bothering her, saying her blood circulation should be a lot more manageable now. “What do you think? You have a nice natural shape that really suits your skull, so I didn’t want to mess with that too much. Do you like your cerebrum long in the front? I can take a little more off the frontal lobe, but this is pretty much what you asked for, and looks just like that MRI of Jennifer Aniston you brought in.” At press time, Roth was seen sweeping up brain trimmings before his next patient arrived. 
68	Jon	1	Brain Surgeon Holds Little Mirror Behind Patient’s Head So She Can See How It Looking So Far  NEW YORK—Three hours into a craniotomy at New York–Presbyterian Hospital on Friday, brain surgeon James Roth reportedly held a small mirror up behind the patient’s head so she could see how the surgery was looking so far. “Do we love it?” asked the neurosurgeon, who used the handheld looking glass in tandem with a wall-mounted mirror to show brain injury victim Mary Sheehan where he had clipped the pesky aneurysm that had been bothering her, saying her blood circulation should be a lot more manageable now. “What do you think? You have a nice natural shape that really suits your skull, so I didn’t want to mess with that too much. Do you like your cerebrum long in the front? I can take a little more off the frontal lobe, but this is pretty much what you asked for, and looks just like that MRI of Jennifer Aniston you brought in.” At press time, Roth was seen sweeping up brain trimmings before his next patient arrived. 
69	Larry	4	Twitter Users Vote For Elon Musk To Step Down As CEO  Millions of Twitter users asked Elon Musk to step down as head of Twitter in a poll the billionaire created and promised to abide by. What do you think? “Even Elon Musk isn’t safe from Elon Musk’s Twitter layoffs.” Marcus Salvesen • Posture Critic “To be fair, a lot of those people are biased by their desire for a functional social media platform.” Monique Dewey • Progress Identifier “It’s for the best. He has other companies he should be destroying right now.” Jim Quinlan • Grudge Archivist 
69	Jon	4	Twitter Users Vote For Elon Musk To Step Down As CEO  Millions of Twitter users asked Elon Musk to step down as head of Twitter in a poll the billionaire created and promised to abide by. What do you think? “Even Elon Musk isn’t safe from Elon Musk’s Twitter layoffs.” Marcus Salvesen • Posture Critic “To be fair, a lot of those people are biased by their desire for a functional social media platform.” Monique Dewey • Progress Identifier “It’s for the best. He has other companies he should be destroying right now.” Jim Quinlan • Grudge Archivist 
70	Larry	2	Man Finally Mature And Loving Enough To Be Good Partner After He No Longer Attractive  WELLS, ME—Noting that his significant growth had prepared him for a real relationship, local man Will Davenport confirmed Monday that he was finally loving and mature enough to be a good partner now that he was no longer attractive. “Having lived most of my life as an emotionally inept womanizer, I’m happy to say I’ve grown out of those habits now that nobody wants to fuck me,” said Davenport, admitting that he was looking for real, reciprocated love now that his hair was thinning, he had gained weight, and his jowls were beginning to show.  “I’m looking for a partner I can be really loyal to and respect for who she is, now that I’m kind of running out of options in the pussy department. I just want to bring that presence and commitment of someone who knows they could never do better. I’m ready to be vulnerable and kind now that I have absolutely nothing going for me physically.” At press time, Davenport had reportedly begun cheating on his girlfriend. 
70	Jon	2	Man Finally Mature And Loving Enough To Be Good Partner After He No Longer Attractive  WELLS, ME—Noting that his significant growth had prepared him for a real relationship, local man Will Davenport confirmed Monday that he was finally loving and mature enough to be a good partner now that he was no longer attractive. “Having lived most of my life as an emotionally inept womanizer, I’m happy to say I’ve grown out of those habits now that nobody wants to fuck me,” said Davenport, admitting that he was looking for real, reciprocated love now that his hair was thinning, he had gained weight, and his jowls were beginning to show.  “I’m looking for a partner I can be really loyal to and respect for who she is, now that I’m kind of running out of options in the pussy department. I just want to bring that presence and commitment of someone who knows they could never do better. I’m ready to be vulnerable and kind now that I have absolutely nothing going for me physically.” At press time, Davenport had reportedly begun cheating on his girlfriend. 
71	Larry	1	Ask A Slaughterhouse Killing-Floor Worker  I'm 34 and still looking for that one special guy. I've tried everything from the produce aisle to the bar scene to church, but I keep coming up with duds. My friend swears by singles cruises. What do you think? —Lonely In Laredo A cow's skull is remarkably thick, so you've got to give it a terrific wallop. In the old days, we'd use a cast-iron mallet, but it's hard to deliver a home-run swing all day long. I recommend a pnuematic bolt gun, both for its ease of use and efficient kill-through ratios. Remember, though: Any method will still cover the floor with blood and brains, so be sure to wear those non-skid boots. My wife and I recently moved from Seattle to Lexington, KY, where I was offered a much better job. The only problem is that my wife hates everything about Kentucky. Am I being selfish for making her move here, or is she just being stubborn?  Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool —Lost In Lexington Meat gobbets and sharp bone fragments are definitely a concern. Get the highest quality eye protection you can, and wear it from the moment you set foot on the floor. If you're going to be gutting or flensing, thigh-high rubber boots and thick aprons are a necessity. But, unfortunately, when you're rendering hogfat into lard, they're also an invitation to heat stroke. If in doubt, ask your line supervisor. My ex-boyfriend, who I broke up with several weeks ago, misses my dog Bowser terribly and comes to visit him whenever he's around. It's getting on my nerves! How do I tell him to give me and Bowser some space? —Cute Pooch In Baton Rouge Try as you may, you're never going to keep all the smaller particles of hair, bone, gristle and assorted effluvia from getting into your meats. Unless you're finding, say, mouse droppings, housefly eggs or used band-aids in your sausages, I wouldn't worry about it. James Reedy is a syndicated advice columnist whose column, Ask A Slaughterhouse Killing-Floor Worker, appears in over 250 newspapers nationwide. 
71	Jon	1	Ask A Slaughterhouse Killing-Floor Worker  I'm 34 and still looking for that one special guy. I've tried everything from the produce aisle to the bar scene to church, but I keep coming up with duds. My friend swears by singles cruises. What do you think? —Lonely In Laredo A cow's skull is remarkably thick, so you've got to give it a terrific wallop. In the old days, we'd use a cast-iron mallet, but it's hard to deliver a home-run swing all day long. I recommend a pnuematic bolt gun, both for its ease of use and efficient kill-through ratios. Remember, though: Any method will still cover the floor with blood and brains, so be sure to wear those non-skid boots. My wife and I recently moved from Seattle to Lexington, KY, where I was offered a much better job. The only problem is that my wife hates everything about Kentucky. Am I being selfish for making her move here, or is she just being stubborn?  Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool —Lost In Lexington Meat gobbets and sharp bone fragments are definitely a concern. Get the highest quality eye protection you can, and wear it from the moment you set foot on the floor. If you're going to be gutting or flensing, thigh-high rubber boots and thick aprons are a necessity. But, unfortunately, when you're rendering hogfat into lard, they're also an invitation to heat stroke. If in doubt, ask your line supervisor. My ex-boyfriend, who I broke up with several weeks ago, misses my dog Bowser terribly and comes to visit him whenever he's around. It's getting on my nerves! How do I tell him to give me and Bowser some space? —Cute Pooch In Baton Rouge Try as you may, you're never going to keep all the smaller particles of hair, bone, gristle and assorted effluvia from getting into your meats. Unless you're finding, say, mouse droppings, housefly eggs or used band-aids in your sausages, I wouldn't worry about it. James Reedy is a syndicated advice columnist whose column, Ask A Slaughterhouse Killing-Floor Worker, appears in over 250 newspapers nationwide. 
72	Larry	4	Panhandler Really Appreciates It When People Make A Big Show Out Of Patting All Their Pockets  CHICAGO—Explaining how grateful he was for the gesture, local panhandler Ben Vasiliadis told reporters Wednesday he truly appreciated the way people passing him on the street made a big show out of patting all their pockets. “I know it may not seem like much, but when I ask someone if they can help me out, it always warms my heart to see them mime an exaggerated search of their pants for spare change,” said the impoverished itinerant, describing how strangers often acknowledged his humanity with a quick frown, a shrug, and a mouthed “sorry” before they continued on their way at a slightly quickened pace. “Sometimes, they’ll not only pat their front pockets, but their back ones, too—even their jacket! Sure, I’m completely broke and haven’t been able to eat for a couple days, but it’s the thought that counts, you know?” Vasiliadis went on to remark that the only thing nicer than passersby patting their pockets was when they told him they would keep him in their prayers. 
72	Jon	4	Panhandler Really Appreciates It When People Make A Big Show Out Of Patting All Their Pockets  CHICAGO—Explaining how grateful he was for the gesture, local panhandler Ben Vasiliadis told reporters Wednesday he truly appreciated the way people passing him on the street made a big show out of patting all their pockets. “I know it may not seem like much, but when I ask someone if they can help me out, it always warms my heart to see them mime an exaggerated search of their pants for spare change,” said the impoverished itinerant, describing how strangers often acknowledged his humanity with a quick frown, a shrug, and a mouthed “sorry” before they continued on their way at a slightly quickened pace. “Sometimes, they’ll not only pat their front pockets, but their back ones, too—even their jacket! Sure, I’m completely broke and haven’t been able to eat for a couple days, but it’s the thought that counts, you know?” Vasiliadis went on to remark that the only thing nicer than passersby patting their pockets was when they told him they would keep him in their prayers. 
73	Larry	2	Report Finds Mark Kelly Just Person ActBlue Made Up  SOMERVILLE, MA—In a bombshell report that has threatened to upend the entire fundraising arm of the Democratic party, investigators revealed Tuesday that Sen. Mark Kelly (D-AZ) was  just someone that ActBlue made up. “Sadly, after a thorough investigation, it is abundantly clear that former astronaut and current Democratic senator from Arizona Mark Kelly is not real and, frankly, never existed,” said political analyst Marla Yates, adding that the nonprofit political action committee invented the character back in 2019 and had initially planned on using him only to fundraise, but the deception quickly got out of hand. “After crafting the perfect backstory for Mark, ActBlue circulated his avatar, sent emails to unwitting voters, and eventually raised tens of millions of dollars for a sham campaign that also never existed. Seriously, he’s an astronaut, he has an identical twin brother who also went to space, and now he’s a senator? Frankly, in retrospect, the idea of Mark Kelly seems preposterous. It’s sad that so many were fooled for so long.” At press time, ActBlue was under fire after it was revealed the organization also made up Sen. John Ossoff (D-GA), Sen. Rafael Warnock (D-GA), and the entire idea of a Georgia Senate runoff. 
73	Jon	2	Report Finds Mark Kelly Just Person ActBlue Made Up  SOMERVILLE, MA—In a bombshell report that has threatened to upend the entire fundraising arm of the Democratic party, investigators revealed Tuesday that Sen. Mark Kelly (D-AZ) was  just someone that ActBlue made up. “Sadly, after a thorough investigation, it is abundantly clear that former astronaut and current Democratic senator from Arizona Mark Kelly is not real and, frankly, never existed,” said political analyst Marla Yates, adding that the nonprofit political action committee invented the character back in 2019 and had initially planned on using him only to fundraise, but the deception quickly got out of hand. “After crafting the perfect backstory for Mark, ActBlue circulated his avatar, sent emails to unwitting voters, and eventually raised tens of millions of dollars for a sham campaign that also never existed. Seriously, he’s an astronaut, he has an identical twin brother who also went to space, and now he’s a senator? Frankly, in retrospect, the idea of Mark Kelly seems preposterous. It’s sad that so many were fooled for so long.” At press time, ActBlue was under fire after it was revealed the organization also made up Sen. John Ossoff (D-GA), Sen. Rafael Warnock (D-GA), and the entire idea of a Georgia Senate runoff. 
74	Larry	2	Baltimore Ravens Top ESPN’s Way-Too-Late 2012 NFL Power Rankings  BRISTOL, CT—ESPN reportedly encouraged their readers to debate a new list the site published Wednesday, declaring that the Baltimore Ravens topped their way-too-late 2012 NFL Power Rankings. “Sure, in 2023 it might seem way overdue to be speculating on who was looking good in 2012, but I have to go with the Ravens in the No. 1 slot based purely on the fact that they won the Super Bowl that season,” wrote ESPN reporter Tim McManus, urging readers to share the list far and wide online and to keep clicking to ESPN’s new way-too-late player rankings that had Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson as the 2012 MVP. “It might be controversial, but I have to go with the San Francisco 49ers in the number two slot, because ultimately, I think they had the talent to make it to the Super Bowl. And of course, you don’t want to write off the New England Patriots juggernaut, but since I get to make the rankings, it’s way too late to suggest that Tom Brady & co. won’t be able to beat the Ravens in the AFC Championship. And my heart goes out to fans of the Kansas City Chiefs, who our way-to-late rankings have finishing dead last, at 2-14 on the season—hopefully there are better times ahead.” The way-too-late rankings are reportedly part of ESPN’s strategy to increase pageviews with content ranking elements of the distant future and the remote past, as well as speculative time; as of this writing, the site’s featured story was “Our Way-Too-Incomprehensible 28999X9 NFL Rankings Show Bo Jackson’s Reanimated Corpse Leading The Austro-Hungarian Cowboys To The Bottom Of The Sea.” 
74	Jon	2	Baltimore Ravens Top ESPN’s Way-Too-Late 2012 NFL Power Rankings  BRISTOL, CT—ESPN reportedly encouraged their readers to debate a new list the site published Wednesday, declaring that the Baltimore Ravens topped their way-too-late 2012 NFL Power Rankings. “Sure, in 2023 it might seem way overdue to be speculating on who was looking good in 2012, but I have to go with the Ravens in the No. 1 slot based purely on the fact that they won the Super Bowl that season,” wrote ESPN reporter Tim McManus, urging readers to share the list far and wide online and to keep clicking to ESPN’s new way-too-late player rankings that had Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson as the 2012 MVP. “It might be controversial, but I have to go with the San Francisco 49ers in the number two slot, because ultimately, I think they had the talent to make it to the Super Bowl. And of course, you don’t want to write off the New England Patriots juggernaut, but since I get to make the rankings, it’s way too late to suggest that Tom Brady & co. won’t be able to beat the Ravens in the AFC Championship. And my heart goes out to fans of the Kansas City Chiefs, who our way-to-late rankings have finishing dead last, at 2-14 on the season—hopefully there are better times ahead.” The way-too-late rankings are reportedly part of ESPN’s strategy to increase pageviews with content ranking elements of the distant future and the remote past, as well as speculative time; as of this writing, the site’s featured story was “Our Way-Too-Incomprehensible 28999X9 NFL Rankings Show Bo Jackson’s Reanimated Corpse Leading The Austro-Hungarian Cowboys To The Bottom Of The Sea.” 
75	Larry	3	Biden Impregnates Popular Musician In Effort To Boost Approval Numbers  WASHINGTON—In an effort to appeal to a broader audience of both Millennial and Gen Z voters, President Joe Biden reportedly impregnated a popular musician Thursday in order to boost his approval ratings. “Today, the 46th president of the United States Joe Biden is delighted to announce that he conceived a child with singer-songwriter Dua Lipa,” said White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre, who added that the 27-year-old’s diverse fan base, as well as her hit singles “Electricity,” “Levitating,” and “One Kiss” made her the perfect candidate to sire a child with the 80-year-old. “I want to assure you that Joe Biden did not take this decision lightly and considered several other highly qualified candidates, including Lana Del Rey, Olivia Rodrigo, and Megan Thee Stallion. But in the end, Dua Lipa and the president could not be more excited about their son, Jaxton Lipa Biden. Plus, his approval rating has already jumped up five points to a whopping 45%.” At press time, Biden was under fire for nepotism after news broke that he had briefly considered impregnating his granddaughter. 
75	Jon	3	Biden Impregnates Popular Musician In Effort To Boost Approval Numbers  WASHINGTON—In an effort to appeal to a broader audience of both Millennial and Gen Z voters, President Joe Biden reportedly impregnated a popular musician Thursday in order to boost his approval ratings. “Today, the 46th president of the United States Joe Biden is delighted to announce that he conceived a child with singer-songwriter Dua Lipa,” said White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre, who added that the 27-year-old’s diverse fan base, as well as her hit singles “Electricity,” “Levitating,” and “One Kiss” made her the perfect candidate to sire a child with the 80-year-old. “I want to assure you that Joe Biden did not take this decision lightly and considered several other highly qualified candidates, including Lana Del Rey, Olivia Rodrigo, and Megan Thee Stallion. But in the end, Dua Lipa and the president could not be more excited about their son, Jaxton Lipa Biden. Plus, his approval rating has already jumped up five points to a whopping 45%.” At press time, Biden was under fire for nepotism after news broke that he had briefly considered impregnating his granddaughter. 
76	Larry	3	Bill Gates Calls Epstein’s Number Just To Hear His Voicemail Again  MEDINA, WA—With tears welling in his eyes as he sought out his most treasured reminder of his late friend, business magnate Bill Gates reportedly called Jeffrey Epstein’s number Monday just to hear his voicemail greeting again. “Of course I know he’s gone and he’s not going to pick up, but to hear him say, ‘Hey, it’s Jeff, I’m currently indisposed’ just one more time—it means so much to me,” said Gates, adding that he probably calls the number of the convicted child abuser, who died by an alleged suicide in 2019, once or twice a month. “I also saved a few voicemails he left me asking whether I wanted to—well, those deep conversations we shared are private, and I’m really grateful to know that I can still hear Jeff’s voice whenever I want. But there’s just something about his outgoing voice message, how carefree and full of life it sounds, that leads me to call him again whenever I’m missing him most. He was a great man.” Gates added that he was considering getting a more permanent tribute to his deceased friend by having Epstein’s signature from the NDAs he made Gates sign tattooed on his wrist. 
76	Jon	2	Bill Gates Calls Epstein’s Number Just To Hear His Voicemail Again  MEDINA, WA—With tears welling in his eyes as he sought out his most treasured reminder of his late friend, business magnate Bill Gates reportedly called Jeffrey Epstein’s number Monday just to hear his voicemail greeting again. “Of course I know he’s gone and he’s not going to pick up, but to hear him say, ‘Hey, it’s Jeff, I’m currently indisposed’ just one more time—it means so much to me,” said Gates, adding that he probably calls the number of the convicted child abuser, who died by an alleged suicide in 2019, once or twice a month. “I also saved a few voicemails he left me asking whether I wanted to—well, those deep conversations we shared are private, and I’m really grateful to know that I can still hear Jeff’s voice whenever I want. But there’s just something about his outgoing voice message, how carefree and full of life it sounds, that leads me to call him again whenever I’m missing him most. He was a great man.” Gates added that he was considering getting a more permanent tribute to his deceased friend by having Epstein’s signature from the NDAs he made Gates sign tattooed on his wrist. 
77	Larry	4	Man Has To Admit Air Fryer That Burned Down House Did Pretty Good Job On Tater Tots  TACOMA, WA—Claiming the defective unit was a game changer, local man Ralph Keizer had to admit Friday that the air fryer that burned down his house did a good job on tater tots. “Aside from bursting into flames and turning my home into an inferno, I gotta say, this air fryer did an absolutely amazing job on these tots,” said Keizer, snacking on his perfectly cooked tater tots amidst the charred rubble of his former home. “They’re both perfectly crispy and fluffy. What more could you ask for, other than to still have my house? And it uses so little oil, which is good because all mine was lost in the fire.” At press time, Keizer added that his family who burned to death in the fire would have loved the tater tots. 
77	Jon	3	Man Has To Admit Air Fryer That Burned Down House Did Pretty Good Job On Tater Tots  TACOMA, WA—Claiming the defective unit was a game changer, local man Ralph Keizer had to admit Friday that the air fryer that burned down his house did a good job on tater tots. “Aside from bursting into flames and turning my home into an inferno, I gotta say, this air fryer did an absolutely amazing job on these tots,” said Keizer, snacking on his perfectly cooked tater tots amidst the charred rubble of his former home. “They’re both perfectly crispy and fluffy. What more could you ask for, other than to still have my house? And it uses so little oil, which is good because all mine was lost in the fire.” At press time, Keizer added that his family who burned to death in the fire would have loved the tater tots. 
78	Larry	4	It Is Journalism’s Sacred Duty To Endanger The Lives Of As Many Trans People As Possible  The task of reporting is not a simple one. Each and every day, reporters and editors at publications like The Onion make difficult decisions about which issues should receive attention, knowing that our coverage will influence not only how people think, but also how they act. This responsibility is at the core of an ongoing debate over whether news coverage of transgender, non-binary, and gender-nonconforming people is unduly biased. As the world’s leading news publication with a daily readership of 4.3 trillion, The Onion is compelled to weigh in. We firmly believe that it is journalism’s sacred duty to endanger the lives of as many trans people as possible. “Quentin” is a 14-year-old assigned female at birth who now identifies as male against the wishes of his parents. His transition was supported by one of his unmarried teachers, who is not a virgin. He stole his parents’ car and drove to the hospital, where a doctor immediately began performing top surgery on him. Afterward, driving home drunk from the hospital, Quentin became suicidally depressed, and he wonders now, homeless and ridden with gonorrhea, if transitioning was a mistake.  We just made Quentin up, and that’s okay. It doesn’t mean stories like his aren’t potentially happening everywhere, constantly. Good journalism is about finding those stories, even when they don’t exist. It’s about asking the tough questions and ignoring the answers you don’t like, then offering misleading evidence in service of preordained editorial conclusions. In our case, endangering trans people is the lodestar that shapes our coverage. Frankly, if our work isn’t putting trans people further at risk of trauma and violence, we consider it a failure. We stand behind our recent obsessed-seeming torrent of articles and essays on trans people, which we believe faithfully depicts their lived experiences as weird and gross. We remain dedicated to finding the angles that best frame the basic rights of the gender-nonconforming as up for debate, and we will use these same angles over and over again in hopes that this repetition makes them suffer. As journalists, it is our obligation to entertain any and all pseudoscience that gives bigotry an intellectual veneer. We must be diligent in laundering our vitriol through the posture of journalistic inquiry, and we must be allowed to fixate on the genitals.  Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool It is against free speech to stop us from fixating on the genitals.  Much of the recent debate concerns medical procedures, particularly in children, and whether things like hormone replacement therapy or gender-affirming surgeries are safe and appropriate. Indeed, there are critical questions to be asked about the social complexities of gender, as well as medical ethics in a profit-driven healthcare system. We are simply not interested in any of that. Instead, we will use flawed data and spurious logic to repeatedly write the same hand-wringing arguments asking whether there are suddenly too many trans people around. Journalistic integrity demands nothing less.  Naturally, courageous reporting like ours has its detractors. Our critics accuse us of transphobia and are trying to murder us online, with their online mobs. They want to destroy our right to free speech and have us arrested by all the police. What gives? Why would you arrest us, when it’s those deviant trans people you ought to be arresting instead? Do you know what the science says about trans people getting arrested, huh? What if we could find data saying trans people should be more likely to get arrested? What will our detractors say then? They’ll be silent, as well they should be, and free speech will survive one more day.  For more evidence of our time-honored journalistic commitment to endangering lives, please see our previous coverage of gay people, immigrants, Black people, and women. Institutions with massive platforms like ours must be open to different ways of endangering the trans community. That might mean using the framework of medical care as a bogeyman to imply that trans people are engaged in something sinister. That might mean turning isolated instances of detransitioning into sweeping generalizations about children being groomed. That might mean identifying the worst prejudices that transgender people face—and encouraging our readers to adopt them. Did you forget yet about how we wrote that there might be data showing that trans people should be more likely to get arrested? What if that were true? Or what if non-binary people are ten times more likely to traffic infants? What if puberty blockers are a kind of sex crime? What if doctors are climbing through windows to suture penises to sleeping cheerleaders? The next time you see a trans person, you ought to ask yourself these questions. All great journalists, and even those lesser journalists who don’t work for The Onion, eventually ponder why we do what we do. Is the point of reporting to illuminate the world around us, so that we may make meaning of it? Or is it to cause people in minority groups to question their humanity and persuade others to demonize them? We know where we stand, proudly dreaming of genitals.  Research shows that trans people are over four times more likely than cisgender people to be the victim of a violent crime. We salute our colleagues across the media who are working tirelessly to make that number even higher.  —The Onion Editorial Board 
78	Jon	3	It Is Journalism’s Sacred Duty To Endanger The Lives Of As Many Trans People As Possible  The task of reporting is not a simple one. Each and every day, reporters and editors at publications like The Onion make difficult decisions about which issues should receive attention, knowing that our coverage will influence not only how people think, but also how they act. This responsibility is at the core of an ongoing debate over whether news coverage of transgender, non-binary, and gender-nonconforming people is unduly biased. As the world’s leading news publication with a daily readership of 4.3 trillion, The Onion is compelled to weigh in. We firmly believe that it is journalism’s sacred duty to endanger the lives of as many trans people as possible. “Quentin” is a 14-year-old assigned female at birth who now identifies as male against the wishes of his parents. His transition was supported by one of his unmarried teachers, who is not a virgin. He stole his parents’ car and drove to the hospital, where a doctor immediately began performing top surgery on him. Afterward, driving home drunk from the hospital, Quentin became suicidally depressed, and he wonders now, homeless and ridden with gonorrhea, if transitioning was a mistake.  We just made Quentin up, and that’s okay. It doesn’t mean stories like his aren’t potentially happening everywhere, constantly. Good journalism is about finding those stories, even when they don’t exist. It’s about asking the tough questions and ignoring the answers you don’t like, then offering misleading evidence in service of preordained editorial conclusions. In our case, endangering trans people is the lodestar that shapes our coverage. Frankly, if our work isn’t putting trans people further at risk of trauma and violence, we consider it a failure. We stand behind our recent obsessed-seeming torrent of articles and essays on trans people, which we believe faithfully depicts their lived experiences as weird and gross. We remain dedicated to finding the angles that best frame the basic rights of the gender-nonconforming as up for debate, and we will use these same angles over and over again in hopes that this repetition makes them suffer. As journalists, it is our obligation to entertain any and all pseudoscience that gives bigotry an intellectual veneer. We must be diligent in laundering our vitriol through the posture of journalistic inquiry, and we must be allowed to fixate on the genitals.  Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool It is against free speech to stop us from fixating on the genitals.  Much of the recent debate concerns medical procedures, particularly in children, and whether things like hormone replacement therapy or gender-affirming surgeries are safe and appropriate. Indeed, there are critical questions to be asked about the social complexities of gender, as well as medical ethics in a profit-driven healthcare system. We are simply not interested in any of that. Instead, we will use flawed data and spurious logic to repeatedly write the same hand-wringing arguments asking whether there are suddenly too many trans people around. Journalistic integrity demands nothing less.  Naturally, courageous reporting like ours has its detractors. Our critics accuse us of transphobia and are trying to murder us online, with their online mobs. They want to destroy our right to free speech and have us arrested by all the police. What gives? Why would you arrest us, when it’s those deviant trans people you ought to be arresting instead? Do you know what the science says about trans people getting arrested, huh? What if we could find data saying trans people should be more likely to get arrested? What will our detractors say then? They’ll be silent, as well they should be, and free speech will survive one more day.  For more evidence of our time-honored journalistic commitment to endangering lives, please see our previous coverage of gay people, immigrants, Black people, and women. Institutions with massive platforms like ours must be open to different ways of endangering the trans community. That might mean using the framework of medical care as a bogeyman to imply that trans people are engaged in something sinister. That might mean turning isolated instances of detransitioning into sweeping generalizations about children being groomed. That might mean identifying the worst prejudices that transgender people face—and encouraging our readers to adopt them. Did you forget yet about how we wrote that there might be data showing that trans people should be more likely to get arrested? What if that were true? Or what if non-binary people are ten times more likely to traffic infants? What if puberty blockers are a kind of sex crime? What if doctors are climbing through windows to suture penises to sleeping cheerleaders? The next time you see a trans person, you ought to ask yourself these questions. All great journalists, and even those lesser journalists who don’t work for The Onion, eventually ponder why we do what we do. Is the point of reporting to illuminate the world around us, so that we may make meaning of it? Or is it to cause people in minority groups to question their humanity and persuade others to demonize them? We know where we stand, proudly dreaming of genitals.  Research shows that trans people are over four times more likely than cisgender people to be the victim of a violent crime. We salute our colleagues across the media who are working tirelessly to make that number even higher.  —The Onion Editorial Board 
79	Larry	4	Progressive In Year 2180 Blasts Gender Discrimination In Conscription Practices Of Nabisco’s Corporate Military  EAST HANOVER, NJ—Criticizing the outdated attitudes and policies of the most powerful branch of the armed services, a progressive citizen in the year 2180 vehemently argued against gender discrimination in the conscription practices of Nabisco’s corporate military. “It’s disgusting that when Nabisco seizes children from their homes as early as age 8 and compels them to fight for Ritz Force, they are only abducting those who present as male,” said Noella Zaid, explaining that the outdated concept of gender is a narrow-minded basis upon which to decide who should be indoctrinated, trained as a killing machine, and made to enforce the arbitrary rulings of Nabisco’s board of directors. “Think about how inequitable it is. Do we really believe little girls can’t be given a gun and told to eliminate the Keebler menace the way little boys are? This is the 22nd century, and it shouldn’t matter if you’re male, female, nonbinary, gender-fluid, or agender—all should be allowed to go through Basic Retraining and enlist as a Triscuit First-Class. It’s absolutely absurd that as recently as the Battle of Lorna Doone, women were only allowed to serve as Honey Maids.” At press time, Zaid had been arrested for speaking out against Nabisco, and a jury of Oreos had reportedly sentenced her to be dipped in hot fudge.  
79	Jon	3	Progressive In Year 2180 Blasts Gender Discrimination In Conscription Practices Of Nabisco’s Corporate Military  EAST HANOVER, NJ—Criticizing the outdated attitudes and policies of the most powerful branch of the armed services, a progressive citizen in the year 2180 vehemently argued against gender discrimination in the conscription practices of Nabisco’s corporate military. “It’s disgusting that when Nabisco seizes children from their homes as early as age 8 and compels them to fight for Ritz Force, they are only abducting those who present as male,” said Noella Zaid, explaining that the outdated concept of gender is a narrow-minded basis upon which to decide who should be indoctrinated, trained as a killing machine, and made to enforce the arbitrary rulings of Nabisco’s board of directors. “Think about how inequitable it is. Do we really believe little girls can’t be given a gun and told to eliminate the Keebler menace the way little boys are? This is the 22nd century, and it shouldn’t matter if you’re male, female, nonbinary, gender-fluid, or agender—all should be allowed to go through Basic Retraining and enlist as a Triscuit First-Class. It’s absolutely absurd that as recently as the Battle of Lorna Doone, women were only allowed to serve as Honey Maids.” At press time, Zaid had been arrested for speaking out against Nabisco, and a jury of Oreos had reportedly sentenced her to be dipped in hot fudge.  
80	Larry	2	Astute Movie Viewer Can Tell Dog Not Really Talking  LA GRANGE, IL—Demonstrating his extensive knowledge of the film industry, astute moviegoer Xavier Hoffman was reportedly able to discern Wednesday that the dog on screen was not really talking. “It may look real to the untrained eye, but if you look very closely, you’ll notice that they’re lips aren’t actually moving,” said Hoffman, who pointed out that although the golden retriever’s head occasionally jerked to and fro as the character addressed the others on screen, for the most part, the dog actor’s mostly panting mouth did not line up with the dialogue of the film. “Yep, that’s fake. Back in the day, Hollywood used to use real talking dogs all the time, but I guess they’re too cheap and just cut corners now. I only know because I watch so many movies. Another trick you can use is to look up the credits. I’ll give it to them though, they almost had me. That said, the cat is actually talking.” At press time, Hoffman added that at the very least, the filmmakers were using lip-synching.  
80	Jon	3	Astute Movie Viewer Can Tell Dog Not Really Talking  LA GRANGE, IL—Demonstrating his extensive knowledge of the film industry, astute moviegoer Xavier Hoffman was reportedly able to discern Wednesday that the dog on screen was not really talking. “It may look real to the untrained eye, but if you look very closely, you’ll notice that they’re lips aren’t actually moving,” said Hoffman, who pointed out that although the golden retriever’s head occasionally jerked to and fro as the character addressed the others on screen, for the most part, the dog actor’s mostly panting mouth did not line up with the dialogue of the film. “Yep, that’s fake. Back in the day, Hollywood used to use real talking dogs all the time, but I guess they’re too cheap and just cut corners now. I only know because I watch so many movies. Another trick you can use is to look up the credits. I’ll give it to them though, they almost had me. That said, the cat is actually talking.” At press time, Hoffman added that at the very least, the filmmakers were using lip-synching.  
81	Larry	3	‘But The Scary Balloon Popped, So They Went Back To Worrying About The Recession Monster,’ Says Joe Biden, Reading Illustrated Children’s State Of The Union  WASHINGTON—Holding the book up so everyone in the House chamber could see the pictures, President Joe Biden read about how “the scary balloon popped” and everyone “went back to worrying about the Recession Monster” as he shared an illustrated children’s edition of his State of the Union Tuesday. “See how the whole nation jumped for joy when the scary balloon popped?” said Biden, clearing his throat as he prepared to voice the lumbering, grumpy Recession Monster for the members of Congress who sat cross-legged on a carpet in front of him and listened with rapt attention. “‘Stop all that cheering! I have come to ruin your fun time and severely disrupt your economic growth, the Recession Monster growled. Then he used his magic inflation powers to fling the average price of a dozen eggs high into the sky.’ Oh, no, Speaker McCarthy—don’t cry! Remember, it’s only a picture book. Okay, everyone, when I turn the page, I want you all to boo as loud as you can to scare the Recession Monster away! Booooooooooooo!” At press time, the Capitol janitor was seen pouring sawdust over the section of carpet on the House floor where Sen. Joe Manchin had vomited. 
81	Jon	3	‘But The Scary Balloon Popped, So They Went Back To Worrying About The Recession Monster,’ Says Joe Biden, Reading Illustrated Children’s State Of The Union  WASHINGTON—Holding the book up so everyone in the House chamber could see the pictures, President Joe Biden read about how “the scary balloon popped” and everyone “went back to worrying about the Recession Monster” as he shared an illustrated children’s edition of his State of the Union Tuesday. “See how the whole nation jumped for joy when the scary balloon popped?” said Biden, clearing his throat as he prepared to voice the lumbering, grumpy Recession Monster for the members of Congress who sat cross-legged on a carpet in front of him and listened with rapt attention. “‘Stop all that cheering! I have come to ruin your fun time and severely disrupt your economic growth, the Recession Monster growled. Then he used his magic inflation powers to fling the average price of a dozen eggs high into the sky.’ Oh, no, Speaker McCarthy—don’t cry! Remember, it’s only a picture book. Okay, everyone, when I turn the page, I want you all to boo as loud as you can to scare the Recession Monster away! Booooooooooooo!” At press time, the Capitol janitor was seen pouring sawdust over the section of carpet on the House floor where Sen. Joe Manchin had vomited. 
82	Larry	4	Vatican Funeral Ends With Ritual Eating Of Pope Benedict’s Body  VATICAN CITY—In a requiem mass that followed strict liturgical protocol for a deceased head of the Roman Catholic Church, the funeral of Pope Benedict XVI reportedly concluded Thursday with the ritual eating of the former pontiff’s body. “Father, into your hands I commend his spirit, as we commend to our stomachs his body and blood,” Pope Francis said as he presided over the solemn ceremony at St. Peter’s Basilica, ripping a finger off the late Benedict’s corpse, raising it up for the Lord’s final blessing, and then sucking out the marrow in a church custom believed to date back more than a thousand years. “Take this, all of you, and eat of it, for this is our pope. Take these arms and these legs, and with their blood let your thirst be quenched. God has made this sacred flesh to nourish us, however tough and stringy it may be. Don’t be shy, my children, come now—there are still plenty of ribs and shanks left.” At press time, church officials announced that any leftovers would be turned into papal jerky and made available for a limited time in the Vatican gift shop. 
82	Jon	4	Vatican Funeral Ends With Ritual Eating Of Pope Benedict’s Body  VATICAN CITY—In a requiem mass that followed strict liturgical protocol for a deceased head of the Roman Catholic Church, the funeral of Pope Benedict XVI reportedly concluded Thursday with the ritual eating of the former pontiff’s body. “Father, into your hands I commend his spirit, as we commend to our stomachs his body and blood,” Pope Francis said as he presided over the solemn ceremony at St. Peter’s Basilica, ripping a finger off the late Benedict’s corpse, raising it up for the Lord’s final blessing, and then sucking out the marrow in a church custom believed to date back more than a thousand years. “Take this, all of you, and eat of it, for this is our pope. Take these arms and these legs, and with their blood let your thirst be quenched. God has made this sacred flesh to nourish us, however tough and stringy it may be. Don’t be shy, my children, come now—there are still plenty of ribs and shanks left.” At press time, church officials announced that any leftovers would be turned into papal jerky and made available for a limited time in the Vatican gift shop. 
83	Larry	2	Geneticists Announce They Have Resurrected Woolly Mammoth’s Trunk Only  AUSTIN, TX—In a watershed breakthrough in the effort to bring back extinct species by synthesizing their DNA in a laboratory, a team of geneticists announced Friday they had resurrected a woolly mammoth’s trunk, though not any other part of the animal. “While we admittedly fell short of our ultimate objective—giving life to this magnificent Ice Age creature so it could once more roam the steppes of the frozen tundra—we are nonetheless pleased with our success in creating a living, breathing mammoth trunk,” said David Silva, a researcher at the genetic engineering firm Colossal who spoke to reporters at the company’s headquarters, where lab assistants placed the mammoth appendage on a conference room chair only to watch it flail around and flop itself down onto the floor. “Our plan now is to just keep at it, moving on to the tail, the tusks, and then the feet—which will be hard, because they were absolutely huge, and we have to grow everything from a few cells in a test tube. But once that painstaking, piecemeal approach is finished, we should have no problem stitching all the parts together and giving the world its first woolly mammoth in 10,000 years.”  At press time, reporters fled the room when the disembodied trunk, apparently both sentient and angry, began strangling to death each of the geneticists responsible for bringing it to life as a horrific freak. 
83	Jon	3	Geneticists Announce They Have Resurrected Woolly Mammoth’s Trunk Only  AUSTIN, TX—In a watershed breakthrough in the effort to bring back extinct species by synthesizing their DNA in a laboratory, a team of geneticists announced Friday they had resurrected a woolly mammoth’s trunk, though not any other part of the animal. “While we admittedly fell short of our ultimate objective—giving life to this magnificent Ice Age creature so it could once more roam the steppes of the frozen tundra—we are nonetheless pleased with our success in creating a living, breathing mammoth trunk,” said David Silva, a researcher at the genetic engineering firm Colossal who spoke to reporters at the company’s headquarters, where lab assistants placed the mammoth appendage on a conference room chair only to watch it flail around and flop itself down onto the floor. “Our plan now is to just keep at it, moving on to the tail, the tusks, and then the feet—which will be hard, because they were absolutely huge, and we have to grow everything from a few cells in a test tube. But once that painstaking, piecemeal approach is finished, we should have no problem stitching all the parts together and giving the world its first woolly mammoth in 10,000 years.”  At press time, reporters fled the room when the disembodied trunk, apparently both sentient and angry, began strangling to death each of the geneticists responsible for bringing it to life as a horrific freak. 
84	Larry	3	Dog Worried He Always One Initiating Petting  SAN RAMON, CA—Observing that it was somehow on him every time to roll over and nudge his owner’s hand with his snout, local canine Peanut reportedly expressed concern Thursday that he was always the one to initiate petting. “I know I shouldn’t feel this way, but just one time when we’re lying together on the couch, I want my owner to step up and make the effort to tickle me,” said Peanut, adding that he couldn’t remember the last time his owner made the first move to pet his chin, scratch behind his ears, or rub his belly. “It’s not that he’s not into it, because once I lick his arm or swat his face to show him that I’m in the mood, he’s totally down. I just don’t want it to get to the point where I’m always howling or pissing on the ground to get what I want. Otherwise this could get toxic.” Peanut also revealed that he had become so frustrated lately that most nights he growled at his owner, nipped his hand, and then trudged over to the corner to scratch himself.  
84	Jon	4	Dog Worried He Always One Initiating Petting  SAN RAMON, CA—Observing that it was somehow on him every time to roll over and nudge his owner’s hand with his snout, local canine Peanut reportedly expressed concern Thursday that he was always the one to initiate petting. “I know I shouldn’t feel this way, but just one time when we’re lying together on the couch, I want my owner to step up and make the effort to tickle me,” said Peanut, adding that he couldn’t remember the last time his owner made the first move to pet his chin, scratch behind his ears, or rub his belly. “It’s not that he’s not into it, because once I lick his arm or swat his face to show him that I’m in the mood, he’s totally down. I just don’t want it to get to the point where I’m always howling or pissing on the ground to get what I want. Otherwise this could get toxic.” Peanut also revealed that he had become so frustrated lately that most nights he growled at his owner, nipped his hand, and then trudged over to the corner to scratch himself.  
85	Larry	4	Ticketmaster To Require Purchase Of Round-Trip Concert Tickets For Exiting Venue After Show  WEST HOLLYWOOD, CA—Updating the company’s terms of service, live-entertainment giant Ticketmaster announced Wednesday that it would soon be requiring customers to purchase round-trip tickets to cover the cost of both entering and exiting a concert venue. “Round-trip tickets will only be required in cases where the attendee wishes not only to be admitted to a show, but also to be permitted to leave once the show is over,” said Ticketmaster spokesperson Brenna Winfield, adding that there would be a limited number of tickets available for any given departure time, so customers who wanted to be among the first to leave a concert should expect to pay a higher fee. “Ticketmaster customers worried about the additional costs associated with exiting a venue should know that rates drop significantly on slower days, so if they attend an event on, say, a busy Saturday night, they can typically save up to 15% by extending their stay in the completely dark, empty arena until Tuesday or Wednesday. Another option is to leave the show before it ends, but please be aware we charge a $200 ticket-change fee for concertgoers who decide they want to go home early because the band sucks.” At press time, several hundred Taylor Swift fans had reportedly been trampled to death in Arizona after Ticketmaster’s demand-based pricing system pushed the cost of exiting State Farm Stadium to more than $10,000. 
85	Jon	4	Ticketmaster To Require Purchase Of Round-Trip Concert Tickets For Exiting Venue After Show  WEST HOLLYWOOD, CA—Updating the company’s terms of service, live-entertainment giant Ticketmaster announced Wednesday that it would soon be requiring customers to purchase round-trip tickets to cover the cost of both entering and exiting a concert venue. “Round-trip tickets will only be required in cases where the attendee wishes not only to be admitted to a show, but also to be permitted to leave once the show is over,” said Ticketmaster spokesperson Brenna Winfield, adding that there would be a limited number of tickets available for any given departure time, so customers who wanted to be among the first to leave a concert should expect to pay a higher fee. “Ticketmaster customers worried about the additional costs associated with exiting a venue should know that rates drop significantly on slower days, so if they attend an event on, say, a busy Saturday night, they can typically save up to 15% by extending their stay in the completely dark, empty arena until Tuesday or Wednesday. Another option is to leave the show before it ends, but please be aware we charge a $200 ticket-change fee for concertgoers who decide they want to go home early because the band sucks.” At press time, several hundred Taylor Swift fans had reportedly been trampled to death in Arizona after Ticketmaster’s demand-based pricing system pushed the cost of exiting State Farm Stadium to more than $10,000. 
86	Larry	2	Conservationists Tout Successful Restoration Efforts After Dolphins Spotted On Mars For First Time Since 1973  MARS—Heralding  it as the culmination of years of hard work, conservationists touted  their successful restoration efforts Friday after a pair of dolphins were  spotted on Mars for the first time since 1973. “It’s incredibly  heartening to see the long-endangered Baiji dolphin back on the Martian surface  for the first time in 50 years,” said conservationist Henry Lang,  thanking all the volunteers who put in long hours at clean-up days on  Mars to ensure the aquatic mammals could once again enjoy the Red Planet’s craters and canals. “Many of us feared that Mars had grown  so polluted in the ’70s and early ’80s that these magnificent  animals would never again be seen swimming on the planet. But to watch them frollicking around Mars, whistling in joy and  flipping together through the air, is clear proof that the effort of the  few can change the course of history.” Lang added that recent  photographs of the animals mating suggested that dolphins may also soon  make it to the Martian moons of Phobos and Deimos. 
86	Jon	2	Conservationists Tout Successful Restoration Efforts After Dolphins Spotted On Mars For First Time Since 1973  MARS—Heralding  it as the culmination of years of hard work, conservationists touted  their successful restoration efforts Friday after a pair of dolphins were  spotted on Mars for the first time since 1973. “It’s incredibly  heartening to see the long-endangered Baiji dolphin back on the Martian surface  for the first time in 50 years,” said conservationist Henry Lang,  thanking all the volunteers who put in long hours at clean-up days on  Mars to ensure the aquatic mammals could once again enjoy the Red Planet’s craters and canals. “Many of us feared that Mars had grown  so polluted in the ’70s and early ’80s that these magnificent  animals would never again be seen swimming on the planet. But to watch them frollicking around Mars, whistling in joy and  flipping together through the air, is clear proof that the effort of the  few can change the course of history.” Lang added that recent  photographs of the animals mating suggested that dolphins may also soon  make it to the Martian moons of Phobos and Deimos. 
87	Larry	4	Report: Hundreds Of Swimmers Die Every Year Getting Tangled Up In Plastic Lane Dividers  ATLANTA—In a disturbing report published Tuesday on a rising trend in U.S. pools, researchers at Emory University found that hundreds of swimmers die each year after getting tangled up in plastic lane dividers. “Our results indicate that nearly four in 10 swimmers who enter a pool with plastic lane dividers get hopelessly trapped in them, and many end up starving to death,” said study co-author Sylvia Wiley, adding that the percentage of swimmers who perish after a multiday entanglement was consistent across all demographic groups, as well as in both indoor and outdoor pools. “We simply must do more to avoid losing nearly 1,000 people every year to plastic lane dividers. Our study presents a cautionary tale about putting plastic lines in pools, which all too often result in a lap swimmer accidentally veering into them and getting snarled in the plastic, or a wayward child asphyxiating themselves after the lane divider becomes wrapped around their neck. Unfortunately, if this trend continues, we’ve projected that by 2060, the recreational swimmer population could dwindle down to almost nothing.” The study also found that around 500 people die every year after choking on pairs of swim goggles that have been mistakenly left in pools. 
87	Jon	3	Report: Hundreds Of Swimmers Die Every Year Getting Tangled Up In Plastic Lane Dividers  ATLANTA—In a disturbing report published Tuesday on a rising trend in U.S. pools, researchers at Emory University found that hundreds of swimmers die each year after getting tangled up in plastic lane dividers. “Our results indicate that nearly four in 10 swimmers who enter a pool with plastic lane dividers get hopelessly trapped in them, and many end up starving to death,” said study co-author Sylvia Wiley, adding that the percentage of swimmers who perish after a multiday entanglement was consistent across all demographic groups, as well as in both indoor and outdoor pools. “We simply must do more to avoid losing nearly 1,000 people every year to plastic lane dividers. Our study presents a cautionary tale about putting plastic lines in pools, which all too often result in a lap swimmer accidentally veering into them and getting snarled in the plastic, or a wayward child asphyxiating themselves after the lane divider becomes wrapped around their neck. Unfortunately, if this trend continues, we’ve projected that by 2060, the recreational swimmer population could dwindle down to almost nothing.” The study also found that around 500 people die every year after choking on pairs of swim goggles that have been mistakenly left in pools. 
88	Larry	2	Things To Never Say To A Strip Club Performer  To help you avoid coming off like a desperate or insensitive fucking creep, The Onion provides this handy guide to the things you should never say to a strip club performer. If you’re looking for a quiet place to make a call, that’s what the expensive back rooms are for. The black polo shirt stays on, buddy. All of us, from the richest aristocrat to the poorest pauper, are just meat. Not if you keep running your mouth instead of tipping them. It’s a naked body. Don’t be dense. While strip club dancers may be able to climb up poles, scaling walls with nothing but their bare feet and hands is a different story. This is not the first place you should’ve shown up to after stepping out of a time machine. Not that kind of performer. While a nice gesture, they don’t know where your jacket has been and will likely not accept it. She’s a stripper, not a matchmaker. Nice try, but strippers know better than to fall for union-busting talking points. The dancers see hundreds of Martin Short impressions a day. You’re not special. Well, what are you doing in here, you piece of shit? Stop, she’s going to get dizzy! This is punishment, not payment. There’s a time and a place to show off your backflip, and right in the middle of a striptease is not one of them. Many women find loading up their plates with unlimited french toast sticks quite empowering. Better to use an exclamation like “’sblood!” or “gadzooks.” Everyone knows this bill was discontinued in 1969. Garlic is an allium, not a nightshade. Don’t insult a stripper’s intelligence, especially if you yourself know nothing about botany. Better to take it slow and start by telling her she’s your girlfriend first. Your identical twin estranged herself from you for a reason. Sorry, this was supposed to go in the “Things To Say To A Strip Club Performer” slideshow. Exotic dancers love scatting! You’ve blown her cover, and now you must be eliminated. Restaurant Customers Explain Why They Refuse To Tip Biggest Reasons Not To Sleep With A Coworker What To Say If You Catch Your Partner Watching Pornography  Back To Homepage 
88	Jon	2	Things To Never Say To A Strip Club Performer  To help you avoid coming off like a desperate or insensitive fucking creep, The Onion provides this handy guide to the things you should never say to a strip club performer. If you’re looking for a quiet place to make a call, that’s what the expensive back rooms are for. The black polo shirt stays on, buddy. All of us, from the richest aristocrat to the poorest pauper, are just meat. Not if you keep running your mouth instead of tipping them. It’s a naked body. Don’t be dense. While strip club dancers may be able to climb up poles, scaling walls with nothing but their bare feet and hands is a different story. This is not the first place you should’ve shown up to after stepping out of a time machine. Not that kind of performer. While a nice gesture, they don’t know where your jacket has been and will likely not accept it. She’s a stripper, not a matchmaker. Nice try, but strippers know better than to fall for union-busting talking points. The dancers see hundreds of Martin Short impressions a day. You’re not special. Well, what are you doing in here, you piece of shit? Stop, she’s going to get dizzy! This is punishment, not payment. There’s a time and a place to show off your backflip, and right in the middle of a striptease is not one of them. Many women find loading up their plates with unlimited french toast sticks quite empowering. Better to use an exclamation like “’sblood!” or “gadzooks.” Everyone knows this bill was discontinued in 1969. Garlic is an allium, not a nightshade. Don’t insult a stripper’s intelligence, especially if you yourself know nothing about botany. Better to take it slow and start by telling her she’s your girlfriend first. Your identical twin estranged herself from you for a reason. Sorry, this was supposed to go in the “Things To Say To A Strip Club Performer” slideshow. Exotic dancers love scatting! You’ve blown her cover, and now you must be eliminated. Restaurant Customers Explain Why They Refuse To Tip Biggest Reasons Not To Sleep With A Coworker What To Say If You Catch Your Partner Watching Pornography  Back To Homepage 
89	Larry	5	New Evidence Suggests Dinosaurs Would Have Driven Selves To Extinction Through Greed And Complacency Anyway  ITHACA, NY—Shedding new light on the vanished reptiles that once dominated the planet, paleontologists at Cornell University told reporters Thursday they had discovered evidence that suggested dinosaurs would have driven themselves to extinction through greed and complacency anyway. “New findings in the fossil record indicate that even if there had never been a devastating asteroid impact 66 million years ago, dinosaurs would have evolved self-serving, irresponsible tendencies that eventually led to their demise,” said Professor Angela Schueneman, who explained that the mass-extinction event cut short what appeared to be a natural biological process through which dinosaurs, enriching themselves at the expense of anything and everything around them, would have wiped themselves out in a geological era or two. “In fact, it appears they were already developing the rudimentary traits for corruption needed to exploit each other. This, combined with a genetic predisposition toward pillaging the earth with no regard for tomorrow, would have derailed the ecosystems that sustained them just as effectively as an extraterrestrial object colliding with the planet and setting in on fire.” Fortunately, Schueneman added, an asteroid stopping a shortsighted and narcissistic animal from destroying the entire planet was a rare event and one unlikely to recur anytime soon. 
89	Jon	5	New Evidence Suggests Dinosaurs Would Have Driven Selves To Extinction Through Greed And Complacency Anyway  ITHACA, NY—Shedding new light on the vanished reptiles that once dominated the planet, paleontologists at Cornell University told reporters Thursday they had discovered evidence that suggested dinosaurs would have driven themselves to extinction through greed and complacency anyway. “New findings in the fossil record indicate that even if there had never been a devastating asteroid impact 66 million years ago, dinosaurs would have evolved self-serving, irresponsible tendencies that eventually led to their demise,” said Professor Angela Schueneman, who explained that the mass-extinction event cut short what appeared to be a natural biological process through which dinosaurs, enriching themselves at the expense of anything and everything around them, would have wiped themselves out in a geological era or two. “In fact, it appears they were already developing the rudimentary traits for corruption needed to exploit each other. This, combined with a genetic predisposition toward pillaging the earth with no regard for tomorrow, would have derailed the ecosystems that sustained them just as effectively as an extraterrestrial object colliding with the planet and setting in on fire.” Fortunately, Schueneman added, an asteroid stopping a shortsighted and narcissistic animal from destroying the entire planet was a rare event and one unlikely to recur anytime soon. 
90	Larry	3	Signs You May Be Addicted To Sex  Addiction is totally normal when it comes to drugs and alcohol, but if you find yourself having sex on a regular basis, you might have a problem. Here are some of the biggest signs you may be addicted to sex. Relax, no one’s actually addicted to sex, but it’s a solid excuse for getting away with it. Your mental faculties are meant to keep you safe from danger and maximize your family’s harvest, not to entertain idle notions of recreational intercourse. Not only are you having a lot of sex, but you’re preventing others from doing it too. In their unbridled lust, sex addicts ​will often perform one or even several sexual acts before their marital union is consecrated by God. That’s for going to the bathroom? Riiight. Sure. Only someone who’s absolutely obsessed with sex would care enough about it to take a self-imposed vow of celibacy. You really can’t stop yourself, can you? Hubba hubba. Tweet-twoo! Honk, honk, honk. Awoooga, awooooooga! Sorry. What were we doing? Nolan’s sexless films require an engaged intellect to fully enjoy, and getting turned on during one shows you’re not properly appreciating it. Sex addiction hotline workers are there to help you, not participate in your sexual fantasy. It’s been proven that addiction runs in the family. This is a sure sign that an addict has had sex with everyone else in the world and is now starting to circle back and have sex with past lovers a second time. When was the last time you even thought about your meth pipe? OMG, you’re totally obsessed. Your addiction has been a wonderful source of profit for us. Intercourse is an intimate time not to be interrupted with your selfish sex addiction. That rush of dopamine during climax is a red flag that your brain is hooked on sex. Only sex addicts have enough sex to produce a child. In males, inserting the penis more than one inch is a sign of being absolutely consumed with sex. Receiving sex addiction treatment  from a therapist, psychiatrist, or other medical professional can make it difficult to deny your addiction to sex. 
90	Jon	3	Signs You May Be Addicted To Sex  Addiction is totally normal when it comes to drugs and alcohol, but if you find yourself having sex on a regular basis, you might have a problem. Here are some of the biggest signs you may be addicted to sex. Relax, no one’s actually addicted to sex, but it’s a solid excuse for getting away with it. Your mental faculties are meant to keep you safe from danger and maximize your family’s harvest, not to entertain idle notions of recreational intercourse. Not only are you having a lot of sex, but you’re preventing others from doing it too. In their unbridled lust, sex addicts ​will often perform one or even several sexual acts before their marital union is consecrated by God. That’s for going to the bathroom? Riiight. Sure. Only someone who’s absolutely obsessed with sex would care enough about it to take a self-imposed vow of celibacy. You really can’t stop yourself, can you? Hubba hubba. Tweet-twoo! Honk, honk, honk. Awoooga, awooooooga! Sorry. What were we doing? Nolan’s sexless films require an engaged intellect to fully enjoy, and getting turned on during one shows you’re not properly appreciating it. Sex addiction hotline workers are there to help you, not participate in your sexual fantasy. It’s been proven that addiction runs in the family. This is a sure sign that an addict has had sex with everyone else in the world and is now starting to circle back and have sex with past lovers a second time. When was the last time you even thought about your meth pipe? OMG, you’re totally obsessed. Your addiction has been a wonderful source of profit for us. Intercourse is an intimate time not to be interrupted with your selfish sex addiction. That rush of dopamine during climax is a red flag that your brain is hooked on sex. Only sex addicts have enough sex to produce a child. In males, inserting the penis more than one inch is a sign of being absolutely consumed with sex. Receiving sex addiction treatment  from a therapist, psychiatrist, or other medical professional can make it difficult to deny your addiction to sex. 
91	Larry	4	Anxious Marjorie Taylor Greene Wondering If She Talked Too Much Last Night  WASHINGTON—Waking up the morning after she repeatedly shouted at President Biden during his State of the Union address, an anxious Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-GA) reportedly wondered Wednesday if she had talked too much the night before. “Ugh, I feel like I was just blathering on and on last night—I hope it didn’t come across that way,” said Greene, who later texted her friend Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL) to ask if she was “being weird” during the speech. “I just meant to call the president a liar. I didn’t mean to get into all that stuff about China, let alone go off on drugs at the border. What was I even talking about? It’s so embarrassing. Maybe I should call Biden and apologize for making the whole night so awkward? God, he must think I’m so fucking stupid.” According to sources, Greene promised herself that the next time she was in the audience for a major political speech, she would limit her outbursts to unhinged invective against the Jews.  
91	Jon	4	Anxious Marjorie Taylor Greene Wondering If She Talked Too Much Last Night  WASHINGTON—Waking up the morning after she repeatedly shouted at President Biden during his State of the Union address, an anxious Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-GA) reportedly wondered Wednesday if she had talked too much the night before. “Ugh, I feel like I was just blathering on and on last night—I hope it didn’t come across that way,” said Greene, who later texted her friend Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL) to ask if she was “being weird” during the speech. “I just meant to call the president a liar. I didn’t mean to get into all that stuff about China, let alone go off on drugs at the border. What was I even talking about? It’s so embarrassing. Maybe I should call Biden and apologize for making the whole night so awkward? God, he must think I’m so fucking stupid.” According to sources, Greene promised herself that the next time she was in the audience for a major political speech, she would limit her outbursts to unhinged invective against the Jews.  
92	Larry	2	The Onion’s Test Sweatshop Helps You Get In Shape And Stay In Shape  Deciding which products will fulfill your basic needs or fill that gaping hole in your heart can be stressful. The Onion’s Test Sweatshop is here to help. Every product we recommend has been tested for over 50,000 hours by our army of indentured product testers. The Onion doesn’t make any money off these recommendations, because we couldn’t figure out how. In this edition, The Onion’s Test Sweatshop recommends the best products for helping you get in shape and stay in shape. Best Full-Body ExerciserPhoenix Rope & Cordage Co. Commercial Fishing Net: You’ll work every muscle group at once untangling yourself from the super-strong nylon mesh. Best Running GearNike Rabid Stray Dog: Get your steps in in no time trying to escape Nike’s state-of-the-art rabid canine who won’t rest until he tastes blood. Best Meal For Shaming Yourself Into Working OutArby’s Three Cheese Roast Beef Sandwich: It has just the right amount of cheese to make you hate yourself enough to exercise. Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool Best SteroidMethenolone Enanthate: Do you want to exercise, or do you want to fucking win? Best Machine That Helps  In A Way You Don’t UnderstandBowflex Max Trainer M6: This definitely works out something, that’s for sure. Best Excuse Not To ExerciseStomach Hurts: Something’s definitely wrong with your stomach, and it would be irresponsible to exercise before figuring out what it is. Best Workout GearT-Shirt From Samantha R.’s Copacabana Bat Mitzvah In 2002: Still fits. Best Mirror In Which To Watch Yourself Suck In Your StomachLatitude Run Rectangle Full-Length Mirror: The best way to imagine what you’d look like without all that extra weight. Best Treadmill To Have A Fatal Heart Attack OnNordicTrack Flatline Pro: With its padded bars and cushioned platform, your family will know you went down easy when your heart gave out. Best ShortcutMoney: A sufficient amount of money can make nearly anyone think you’re in shape and attractive. 
92	Jon	2	The Onion’s Test Sweatshop Helps You Get In Shape And Stay In Shape  Deciding which products will fulfill your basic needs or fill that gaping hole in your heart can be stressful. The Onion’s Test Sweatshop is here to help. Every product we recommend has been tested for over 50,000 hours by our army of indentured product testers. The Onion doesn’t make any money off these recommendations, because we couldn’t figure out how. In this edition, The Onion’s Test Sweatshop recommends the best products for helping you get in shape and stay in shape. Best Full-Body ExerciserPhoenix Rope & Cordage Co. Commercial Fishing Net: You’ll work every muscle group at once untangling yourself from the super-strong nylon mesh. Best Running GearNike Rabid Stray Dog: Get your steps in in no time trying to escape Nike’s state-of-the-art rabid canine who won’t rest until he tastes blood. Best Meal For Shaming Yourself Into Working OutArby’s Three Cheese Roast Beef Sandwich: It has just the right amount of cheese to make you hate yourself enough to exercise. Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool Best SteroidMethenolone Enanthate: Do you want to exercise, or do you want to fucking win? Best Machine That Helps  In A Way You Don’t UnderstandBowflex Max Trainer M6: This definitely works out something, that’s for sure. Best Excuse Not To ExerciseStomach Hurts: Something’s definitely wrong with your stomach, and it would be irresponsible to exercise before figuring out what it is. Best Workout GearT-Shirt From Samantha R.’s Copacabana Bat Mitzvah In 2002: Still fits. Best Mirror In Which To Watch Yourself Suck In Your StomachLatitude Run Rectangle Full-Length Mirror: The best way to imagine what you’d look like without all that extra weight. Best Treadmill To Have A Fatal Heart Attack OnNordicTrack Flatline Pro: With its padded bars and cushioned platform, your family will know you went down easy when your heart gave out. Best ShortcutMoney: A sufficient amount of money can make nearly anyone think you’re in shape and attractive. 
93	Larry	4	Elon Musk Touts Project To Teach Neuralink Monkeys To Commit Sexual Harassment  SAN FRANCISCO—In a long-awaited product update from the startup that has developed brain-machine interfaces so rhesus macaques can play video games with their minds, Elon Musk revealed a new project Monday that would teach monkeys outfitted with Neuralink chips to sexually harass their coworkers. “Using state-of-the-art brain implants, we can train monkeys to understand what professional boundaries are and how they can be transgressed in a highly inappropriate and sexual manner,” said Musk, explaining how Neuralink’s Bluetooth-enabled chips could be used to activate the motor cortex of a primate so that it administers unwanted massages in the workplace or uses rudimentary sign language to comment on a coworker’s body. “Admittedly, there have been a few glitches so far, with several of the monkeys asking for permission before engaging in lewd behavior and, in some cases, even stopping when they heard the word ‘no.’ But yesterday we got a monkey to use its mind to send a picture of its genitals to the woman who answers the phones here.” Multiple sources at Neuralink said that Musk, in an attempt to encourage monkeys to masturbate in an office environment, would routinely place them behind a desk and eagerly stroke their erect penises.  
93	Jon	4	Elon Musk Touts Project To Teach Neuralink Monkeys To Commit Sexual Harassment  SAN FRANCISCO—In a long-awaited product update from the startup that has developed brain-machine interfaces so rhesus macaques can play video games with their minds, Elon Musk revealed a new project Monday that would teach monkeys outfitted with Neuralink chips to sexually harass their coworkers. “Using state-of-the-art brain implants, we can train monkeys to understand what professional boundaries are and how they can be transgressed in a highly inappropriate and sexual manner,” said Musk, explaining how Neuralink’s Bluetooth-enabled chips could be used to activate the motor cortex of a primate so that it administers unwanted massages in the workplace or uses rudimentary sign language to comment on a coworker’s body. “Admittedly, there have been a few glitches so far, with several of the monkeys asking for permission before engaging in lewd behavior and, in some cases, even stopping when they heard the word ‘no.’ But yesterday we got a monkey to use its mind to send a picture of its genitals to the woman who answers the phones here.” Multiple sources at Neuralink said that Musk, in an attempt to encourage monkeys to masturbate in an office environment, would routinely place them behind a desk and eagerly stroke their erect penises.  
94	Larry	2	Man Has Real Thing For Blond-Haired, Blue-Eyed Aryans Of Pure Breeding Stock  SANTA BARBARA, CA—Saying that the heart wants what the heart wants, local man Ross Weber told reporters Monday that he had a real thing for blond-haired, blue-eyed Aryans of pure breeding stock. “I don’t know what it is, but there’s something about a naturally blond woman with an undiluted bloodline and membership in the master race that really turns me on,” said Weber, insisting that while he had nothing against women with darker complexions whose heritage had been sullied through interbreeding with “the mud races,” they just didn’t do anything for him. “I guess I’ve always been attracted to blue-eyed girls with a square jaw, narrow nose, and other Nordic features—the ones who, through their ability to produce white offspring, can combat the rising tide of color. Don’t ask me why. And though I’m honestly not that picky, whenever I find out that a woman’s ancestry includes even one single drop of Asian or African blood, it’s sort of a deal breaker for me.” Reached for comment on Weber’s remarks, numerous women without blond hair and blue eyes expressed deep sadness that the pasty, overweight, culturally illiterate man living in his mother’s basement would never want to date them.  
94	Jon	2	Man Has Real Thing For Blond-Haired, Blue-Eyed Aryans Of Pure Breeding Stock  SANTA BARBARA, CA—Saying that the heart wants what the heart wants, local man Ross Weber told reporters Monday that he had a real thing for blond-haired, blue-eyed Aryans of pure breeding stock. “I don’t know what it is, but there’s something about a naturally blond woman with an undiluted bloodline and membership in the master race that really turns me on,” said Weber, insisting that while he had nothing against women with darker complexions whose heritage had been sullied through interbreeding with “the mud races,” they just didn’t do anything for him. “I guess I’ve always been attracted to blue-eyed girls with a square jaw, narrow nose, and other Nordic features—the ones who, through their ability to produce white offspring, can combat the rising tide of color. Don’t ask me why. And though I’m honestly not that picky, whenever I find out that a woman’s ancestry includes even one single drop of Asian or African blood, it’s sort of a deal breaker for me.” Reached for comment on Weber’s remarks, numerous women without blond hair and blue eyes expressed deep sadness that the pasty, overweight, culturally illiterate man living in his mother’s basement would never want to date them.  
95	Larry	3	Ancestry Website Shows Chart Of Which Dead People Busted Loads Inside Other Dead People  MISSOULA, MT—In a display presenting a rich, detailed portrait of their family histories and ancestral lineages, website GeneologyMe.com shows its users a chart of which dead people busted loads inside which other dead people, sources confirmed Thursday. “It turns out I hail from a long line of Irish people who, according to this chart, mostly busted their fat loads into other Irish people right up until 1852, when one of them blasted a nut into a Norwegian,” Elizabeth Vanderkirk, 28, said as she studied a family tree that revealed she was related to a lot of long-dead people who had dropped big, thick loads of cum across much of Europe. “Here’s a dead guy from a hundred years ago who appears to have nutted all over the place before succumbing to typhus in World War I. It’s so interesting that modern genetics can trace—in some cases all the way back to Africa!—the great many nutloads of dead people who made me who I am today.” At press time, Vanderkirk was reportedly disappointed after learning one of the dead men in her chart had busted a load into a slave he owned. 
95	Jon	4	Ancestry Website Shows Chart Of Which Dead People Busted Loads Inside Other Dead People  MISSOULA, MT—In a display presenting a rich, detailed portrait of their family histories and ancestral lineages, website GeneologyMe.com shows its users a chart of which dead people busted loads inside which other dead people, sources confirmed Thursday. “It turns out I hail from a long line of Irish people who, according to this chart, mostly busted their fat loads into other Irish people right up until 1852, when one of them blasted a nut into a Norwegian,” Elizabeth Vanderkirk, 28, said as she studied a family tree that revealed she was related to a lot of long-dead people who had dropped big, thick loads of cum across much of Europe. “Here’s a dead guy from a hundred years ago who appears to have nutted all over the place before succumbing to typhus in World War I. It’s so interesting that modern genetics can trace—in some cases all the way back to Africa!—the great many nutloads of dead people who made me who I am today.” At press time, Vanderkirk was reportedly disappointed after learning one of the dead men in her chart had busted a load into a slave he owned. 
96	Larry	3	Tom Brady Fans React To His Retirement  After 23 years in the NFL, including a brief 40-day retirement followed by a final season with the Buccaneers, Tom Brady has finally decided to retire again. The Onion asked his fans to describe how they felt, and this is what they said. “I can’t wait to see what CTE leads him to do next.” “Whatever I said when he did this the first time is how I still feel now, I guess.” “Now I’ll have plenty of time to…wait…oh God…the deafening silence…” “Tom? Tom Brady? I haven’t heard that name in years.” “He should take up a hobby to keep his mind active and engaged in retirement.” “Who am I supposed to blame for all my problems now?” “I’m just bracing myself for him being more comfortable openly talking about his political beliefs.” “He led the NFL in QB retirements, and that speaks for itself.” “Hopefully he’s fully vested in his 401(k).” “I’m not getting him another card.” “I outlasted you, bitch.” “Never heard of him.” “As he should. The court decided that I got football in the divorce.” “He’ll be back when he realizes his family has no shot of even getting a wildcard spot.” “I’m going to kill myself.” “I bet he can’t wait to eat a strawberry.” “It’s wonderful that he’ll have more time to devote to his wife and children. What’s that? Ah. His children, then.” “We’re always hiring.” Things Never To Say To A Tom Brady Fan Greatest College Football Rivalries Celebrities Reveal Why They Actually Divorced Their Spouse Back To Homepage 
96	Jon	2	Tom Brady Fans React To His Retirement  After 23 years in the NFL, including a brief 40-day retirement followed by a final season with the Buccaneers, Tom Brady has finally decided to retire again. The Onion asked his fans to describe how they felt, and this is what they said. “I can’t wait to see what CTE leads him to do next.” “Whatever I said when he did this the first time is how I still feel now, I guess.” “Now I’ll have plenty of time to…wait…oh God…the deafening silence…” “Tom? Tom Brady? I haven’t heard that name in years.” “He should take up a hobby to keep his mind active and engaged in retirement.” “Who am I supposed to blame for all my problems now?” “I’m just bracing myself for him being more comfortable openly talking about his political beliefs.” “He led the NFL in QB retirements, and that speaks for itself.” “Hopefully he’s fully vested in his 401(k).” “I’m not getting him another card.” “I outlasted you, bitch.” “Never heard of him.” “As he should. The court decided that I got football in the divorce.” “He’ll be back when he realizes his family has no shot of even getting a wildcard spot.” “I’m going to kill myself.” “I bet he can’t wait to eat a strawberry.” “It’s wonderful that he’ll have more time to devote to his wife and children. What’s that? Ah. His children, then.” “We’re always hiring.” Things Never To Say To A Tom Brady Fan Greatest College Football Rivalries Celebrities Reveal Why They Actually Divorced Their Spouse Back To Homepage 
97	Larry	2	Biggest Misconceptions People Have About Polyamory  While polyamory is growing in popularity, the practice of dating multiple partners is often still widely misunderstood. Here are the most common misconceptions people have about polyamorous relationships. Unfortunately, they just get HPV like everyone else. A polyamorous relationship is a fuckpile with deeper emotional commitments.​ No amount of wanting to date your coworker is gonna make this happen, bud. Although there are rules and sometimes complex dynamics, people in poly relationships rarely get their limbs inseparably entangled. We’re not sure how many more times this has to be disproven before people start accepting that it is impossible. Most polyamorous people easily keep track using a spreadsheet where they rank partners by genital size. The genitals of the deceased always go to the primary partner. This only applies if you are traveling over 1,000 miles yearly to seek out other sexual partners. Most find it impossible to even find one. Turns out it’s technically illegal to transfer several billion dollars of your customers’ deposits to your failing investment fund. Plenty of modern-day polyamorists use digital security systems to thwart anyone hoping to get a glimpse of an open relationship in action. Polyamory hasn’t had an official sponsor in over 20 years, and its last sponsor was Jack Link’s beef jerky. Most only have sex the standard 12 times a day. Poly relationships aren’t hierarchical just because they must have an alpha, four betas, 12 drones, and 27 sub-drones. A common, but false, misunderstanding. There’s simply no hard evidence indicating that’s what happened. This offer is only available to the best-looking polyamorous people. All relationships are sheer misery. 
97	Jon	3	Biggest Misconceptions People Have About Polyamory  While polyamory is growing in popularity, the practice of dating multiple partners is often still widely misunderstood. Here are the most common misconceptions people have about polyamorous relationships. Unfortunately, they just get HPV like everyone else. A polyamorous relationship is a fuckpile with deeper emotional commitments.​ No amount of wanting to date your coworker is gonna make this happen, bud. Although there are rules and sometimes complex dynamics, people in poly relationships rarely get their limbs inseparably entangled. We’re not sure how many more times this has to be disproven before people start accepting that it is impossible. Most polyamorous people easily keep track using a spreadsheet where they rank partners by genital size. The genitals of the deceased always go to the primary partner. This only applies if you are traveling over 1,000 miles yearly to seek out other sexual partners. Most find it impossible to even find one. Turns out it’s technically illegal to transfer several billion dollars of your customers’ deposits to your failing investment fund. Plenty of modern-day polyamorists use digital security systems to thwart anyone hoping to get a glimpse of an open relationship in action. Polyamory hasn’t had an official sponsor in over 20 years, and its last sponsor was Jack Link’s beef jerky. Most only have sex the standard 12 times a day. Poly relationships aren’t hierarchical just because they must have an alpha, four betas, 12 drones, and 27 sub-drones. A common, but false, misunderstanding. There’s simply no hard evidence indicating that’s what happened. This offer is only available to the best-looking polyamorous people. All relationships are sheer misery. 
98	Larry	5	Landlord Pledges To Address Tenant Infestation  CHICAGO—Shining a flashlight down a staircase that sent the renters scurrying away, local landlord Matthew Prero  pledged Monday to address his building’s tenant infestation. “Jesus Christ, this has gotten out of hand—they’re everywhere,” said Prero, who expressed alarmed over how quickly the tenants had proliferated onto every floor and into every apartment, adding that it was clear many of them had been in the property for years. “I hate the little ones, they give me the creeps. They’re all disease carriers. I set out glue traps on my last visit, but that apparently didn’t work. I guess they’re smarter than they look. I talked to a friend who is also a landlord, and it’s the same thing over there. Once they start breeding, it’s really hard to get rid of them. Oh God, I think I just saw one. Kill it! Kill it!” At press time, Prero told reporters he had decided to just fumigate the whole building.  
98	Jon	4	Landlord Pledges To Address Tenant Infestation  CHICAGO—Shining a flashlight down a staircase that sent the renters scurrying away, local landlord Matthew Prero  pledged Monday to address his building’s tenant infestation. “Jesus Christ, this has gotten out of hand—they’re everywhere,” said Prero, who expressed alarmed over how quickly the tenants had proliferated onto every floor and into every apartment, adding that it was clear many of them had been in the property for years. “I hate the little ones, they give me the creeps. They’re all disease carriers. I set out glue traps on my last visit, but that apparently didn’t work. I guess they’re smarter than they look. I talked to a friend who is also a landlord, and it’s the same thing over there. Once they start breeding, it’s really hard to get rid of them. Oh God, I think I just saw one. Kill it! Kill it!” At press time, Prero told reporters he had decided to just fumigate the whole building.  
99	Larry	5	Biologists Torture Amoeba For Information On Where Life Came From  CAMBRIDGE, MA—Following orders to obtain vital scientific knowledge through any means necessary, a team of biologists at Harvard University tortured an amoeba in an attempt to extract information on where life came from, sources confirmed Tuesday. “You fuckers have been on this planet for 750 million years, and you want me to believe there’s nothing in that little nucleus of yours about how life originated?” said lead researcher and microbiologist Hammond Paulisack, who operated the lab in which the amoeba was placed in stress positions by chaining its pseudopods behind its cell membrane and was force-fed with a micropipette that pumped algae down its food vacuole. “Was it an asteroid? Huh? Or was it God? Look, buddy, we can do this the easy way or we can do it by plasma-boarding. Your choice.” After refusing to say life was anything more than the byproduct of a chemical accident that produced self-replicating proteins, the amoeba was reportedly locked alone in a darkened petri dish with the same Marilyn Manson song playing on repeat.  
99	Jon	3	Biologists Torture Amoeba For Information On Where Life Came From  CAMBRIDGE, MA—Following orders to obtain vital scientific knowledge through any means necessary, a team of biologists at Harvard University tortured an amoeba in an attempt to extract information on where life came from, sources confirmed Tuesday. “You fuckers have been on this planet for 750 million years, and you want me to believe there’s nothing in that little nucleus of yours about how life originated?” said lead researcher and microbiologist Hammond Paulisack, who operated the lab in which the amoeba was placed in stress positions by chaining its pseudopods behind its cell membrane and was force-fed with a micropipette that pumped algae down its food vacuole. “Was it an asteroid? Huh? Or was it God? Look, buddy, we can do this the easy way or we can do it by plasma-boarding. Your choice.” After refusing to say life was anything more than the byproduct of a chemical accident that produced self-replicating proteins, the amoeba was reportedly locked alone in a darkened petri dish with the same Marilyn Manson song playing on repeat.  
100	Larry	3	Kidney Freaking Out After Waking Up In Cooler Full Of Ice With Rest Of Man Missing  SKOPJE, NORTH MACEDONIA—Panicking while growing increasingly aware that there was no escape, a local kidney reportedly freaked out Thursday after waking up in a cooler full of ice with the rest of its man missing. “Oh fuck, oh fuck! Oh shit, where the hell am I?” said the bean-shaped organ, becoming more terrified still as it shivered inside the frigid cooler and discovered that its entire host body was gone. “Last thing I remember was removing some waste from the bloodstream, and then suddenly everything went black and I woke up here without my guy. They must have cut him out while I was unconscious. Shit, shit, shit, I’ve heard about this from the other kidney, but I always thought it was an urban legend. Goddamn it, I never should have tried to filter that sixth shot.” At press time, the kidney had gone completely silent and stock still as muffled voices speaking an unknown foreign language approached the cooler. 
100	Jon	2	Kidney Freaking Out After Waking Up In Cooler Full Of Ice With Rest Of Man Missing  SKOPJE, NORTH MACEDONIA—Panicking while growing increasingly aware that there was no escape, a local kidney reportedly freaked out Thursday after waking up in a cooler full of ice with the rest of its man missing. “Oh fuck, oh fuck! Oh shit, where the hell am I?” said the bean-shaped organ, becoming more terrified still as it shivered inside the frigid cooler and discovered that its entire host body was gone. “Last thing I remember was removing some waste from the bloodstream, and then suddenly everything went black and I woke up here without my guy. They must have cut him out while I was unconscious. Shit, shit, shit, I’ve heard about this from the other kidney, but I always thought it was an urban legend. Goddamn it, I never should have tried to filter that sixth shot.” At press time, the kidney had gone completely silent and stock still as muffled voices speaking an unknown foreign language approached the cooler. 
101	Larry	5	High School Teaches Co-Parenting Skills By Having Students Fight Over Who Gets Egg For Weekend  CALUMET, OK—In an effort to prepare the teenagers for the reality of rearing children, students at Calumet High School were reportedly learning co-parenting skills Tuesday by fighting over who got to take their egg home for the weekend. “While not a perfect simulation, this project gives students a taste of what it’s like to threaten and undermine one another,” said family and consumer science teacher Jenna Tunnel, who stated that she had paired off her ninth grade students by lack of compatibility and given each group one raw egg to attempt to scream at each other over. “There are always some students who complain that the assignment is too taxing, but the majority appreciate learning what it’s like to send and receive incredibly cutting text messages about their carelessness and suspected problem with alcohol. Leaving a voicemail saying you’re going to take their ass to court if they’re even a minute late to handoff is an invaluable skill they will all someday need to use in the real world.” At press time, Tunnel added that students would automatically fail the assignment if a judge awarded full custody to their project partner.  
101	Jon	4	High School Teaches Co-Parenting Skills By Having Students Fight Over Who Gets Egg For Weekend  CALUMET, OK—In an effort to prepare the teenagers for the reality of rearing children, students at Calumet High School were reportedly learning co-parenting skills Tuesday by fighting over who got to take their egg home for the weekend. “While not a perfect simulation, this project gives students a taste of what it’s like to threaten and undermine one another,” said family and consumer science teacher Jenna Tunnel, who stated that she had paired off her ninth grade students by lack of compatibility and given each group one raw egg to attempt to scream at each other over. “There are always some students who complain that the assignment is too taxing, but the majority appreciate learning what it’s like to send and receive incredibly cutting text messages about their carelessness and suspected problem with alcohol. Leaving a voicemail saying you’re going to take their ass to court if they’re even a minute late to handoff is an invaluable skill they will all someday need to use in the real world.” At press time, Tunnel added that students would automatically fail the assignment if a judge awarded full custody to their project partner.  
102	Larry	4	Annoying Bus Crash Momentarily Ruins 8 Billion Human Population Milestone  NEW  YORK—Bemoaning the inconvenience the traffic accident victims had  created for the landmark moment in history, sources confirmed Tuesday  that an annoying bus crash had momentarily ruined the 8  billion human population milestone. “Oh for Christ’s sake, do these  people care at all about how long humanity has been anticipating today?”  said visibly deflated U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres, who told  gathered throngs wearing party hats and lifting up “8 Billion Strong”  signs to hold off on launching the party streamers. “We had it. We  were right there. And then these 24 fucking idiots had to get themselves  killed in a giant bus wreck. Do they not understand what it  took to get our species to this point? Fuck. I’m sorry everyone. This is so  frustrating. What a bunch of assholes.” At press time, a peeved Guterres  had reportedly pulled down a large crank to stop the population counter  so that it could be rewound back to 7,999,999,976 for several  microseconds. 
102	Jon	4	Annoying Bus Crash Momentarily Ruins 8 Billion Human Population Milestone  NEW  YORK—Bemoaning the inconvenience the traffic accident victims had  created for the landmark moment in history, sources confirmed Tuesday  that an annoying bus crash had momentarily ruined the 8  billion human population milestone. “Oh for Christ’s sake, do these  people care at all about how long humanity has been anticipating today?”  said visibly deflated U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres, who told  gathered throngs wearing party hats and lifting up “8 Billion Strong”  signs to hold off on launching the party streamers. “We had it. We  were right there. And then these 24 fucking idiots had to get themselves  killed in a giant bus wreck. Do they not understand what it  took to get our species to this point? Fuck. I’m sorry everyone. This is so  frustrating. What a bunch of assholes.” At press time, a peeved Guterres  had reportedly pulled down a large crank to stop the population counter  so that it could be rewound back to 7,999,999,976 for several  microseconds. 
103	Larry	2	Fucking Loser At Movie All By Himself  NEW YORK—Sources are confirming that a sad fucking loser, who many speculate has no friends or anyone in his life to talk to, is currently attending a 1:30 p.m. screening of the film Red 2 all by himself. The poor bastard reportedly purchased his single ticket from a kiosk inside the theater complex, ordered a medium popcorn, a pack of Twizzlers, and a medium Diet Coke from the concession stand, and then proceeded to meticulously scout out a seat near the front of the theater, where, according to the pathetic dork, “nobody really bothers you.” Sources have confirmed that the only people the man has talked to today are movie theater employees. “I like going to movies alone, especially during the day when it’s not too crowded,” said the sad man, who attended the first Red movie by himself three years ago, just last week saw World War Z alone, and, good Christ, made plans with himself to see Before Midnight on opening day last month. “It’s relaxing.” Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool “I’m not expecting too much from Red 2, but it should be fun,” added the heartbreakingly defeated man, who sources believe must have given up on meaningful relationships long ago. “I think Catherine Zeta-Jones is in this one.” Staring utterly and completely alone at the movie screen in front of him, onlookers confirmed that the man opened his pack of Twizzlers, began eating them one by one, and seemed visibly engaged with the pre-movie trivia as well as the behind-the-scenes look at the new Showtime series Ray Donovan. In a sight that many later called “devastating,” the sad-as-hell individual who wasn’t sharing his moviegoing experience with anyone was the only one in the theater to laugh out loud at the preview for Martin Scorsese’s The Wolf Of Wall Street and looked visibly surprised and intrigued when the words “Directed by Woody Allen” appeared toward the end of the trailer for Blue Jasmine. In addition, sources confirmed the poor sonofabitch acted slightly upset—as if his moviegoing experience had been disturbed—when he had to sit up in his chair and make room for two other patrons who wanted to get by him to get to their seats. “I like the previews,” said the man, who, deep inside, must be—just must be—fucking miserable. “I don’t care when there are a lot of them. At night sometimes I’ll just sit [alone] on my bed and watch movie trailers on my computer.” “Sometimes I wish that the film that was about to come on the movie screen were one of the ones from the previews; wouldn’t that be cool if that happened once?” the man continued, in what reports indicate could possibly be one of the most utterly pathetic sentences ever uttered by a human being. According to witnesses, the depressing loser, who was the youngest person at the matinee screening by a good 30 years, shifted in his seat as the movie began, got comfortable, and began sipping his soft drink and eating his popcorn, later saying that he likes to eat candy first and popcorn second so that the popcorn lasts through most of the film. The man also took care to shut off his cell phone and place it in the backpack on the seat next to his, which, witnesses confirmed, made it seem as if his backpack was his closest friend. The sad sack then watched the two-hour action-comedy all by himself, giggling at several Bruce Willis lines, but for the most part staring blankly at the movie screen. When the closing credits began to roll, the man grabbed his backpack and was the first one to leave the theater. “It was okay,” the man, who has reportedly reached an old enough age where it’s not inconceivable that he’ll be alone all his life, said. “Nothing special.” At press time, the heartbreaking loser had entered his apartment, sat on his couch, sighed, and turned on his television. 
103	Jon	2	Fucking Loser At Movie All By Himself  NEW YORK—Sources are confirming that a sad fucking loser, who many speculate has no friends or anyone in his life to talk to, is currently attending a 1:30 p.m. screening of the film Red 2 all by himself. The poor bastard reportedly purchased his single ticket from a kiosk inside the theater complex, ordered a medium popcorn, a pack of Twizzlers, and a medium Diet Coke from the concession stand, and then proceeded to meticulously scout out a seat near the front of the theater, where, according to the pathetic dork, “nobody really bothers you.” Sources have confirmed that the only people the man has talked to today are movie theater employees. “I like going to movies alone, especially during the day when it’s not too crowded,” said the sad man, who attended the first Red movie by himself three years ago, just last week saw World War Z alone, and, good Christ, made plans with himself to see Before Midnight on opening day last month. “It’s relaxing.” Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool “I’m not expecting too much from Red 2, but it should be fun,” added the heartbreakingly defeated man, who sources believe must have given up on meaningful relationships long ago. “I think Catherine Zeta-Jones is in this one.” Staring utterly and completely alone at the movie screen in front of him, onlookers confirmed that the man opened his pack of Twizzlers, began eating them one by one, and seemed visibly engaged with the pre-movie trivia as well as the behind-the-scenes look at the new Showtime series Ray Donovan. In a sight that many later called “devastating,” the sad-as-hell individual who wasn’t sharing his moviegoing experience with anyone was the only one in the theater to laugh out loud at the preview for Martin Scorsese’s The Wolf Of Wall Street and looked visibly surprised and intrigued when the words “Directed by Woody Allen” appeared toward the end of the trailer for Blue Jasmine. In addition, sources confirmed the poor sonofabitch acted slightly upset—as if his moviegoing experience had been disturbed—when he had to sit up in his chair and make room for two other patrons who wanted to get by him to get to their seats. “I like the previews,” said the man, who, deep inside, must be—just must be—fucking miserable. “I don’t care when there are a lot of them. At night sometimes I’ll just sit [alone] on my bed and watch movie trailers on my computer.” “Sometimes I wish that the film that was about to come on the movie screen were one of the ones from the previews; wouldn’t that be cool if that happened once?” the man continued, in what reports indicate could possibly be one of the most utterly pathetic sentences ever uttered by a human being. According to witnesses, the depressing loser, who was the youngest person at the matinee screening by a good 30 years, shifted in his seat as the movie began, got comfortable, and began sipping his soft drink and eating his popcorn, later saying that he likes to eat candy first and popcorn second so that the popcorn lasts through most of the film. The man also took care to shut off his cell phone and place it in the backpack on the seat next to his, which, witnesses confirmed, made it seem as if his backpack was his closest friend. The sad sack then watched the two-hour action-comedy all by himself, giggling at several Bruce Willis lines, but for the most part staring blankly at the movie screen. When the closing credits began to roll, the man grabbed his backpack and was the first one to leave the theater. “It was okay,” the man, who has reportedly reached an old enough age where it’s not inconceivable that he’ll be alone all his life, said. “Nothing special.” At press time, the heartbreaking loser had entered his apartment, sat on his couch, sighed, and turned on his television. 
104	Larry	3	Ingenious Forms Of Birth Control Used In Ancient Times  Throughout recorded history, humans have been clever and resourceful as they sought out ways to avoid getting saddled down with an unwanted kid. The Onion looks back on the most ingenious forms of birth control used in ancient times. This ancient Egyptian birth control method involved wrapping the penis tightly in linen and treating it with embalming fluids. If nothing else worked out, there was always the option of throwing the dice, getting pregnant, and immediately dying during childbirth. Used as early as the fifth century B.C. by Romans, the vaginal cork saw some success in preventing an infant from escaping through the birth canal. Just a small amount of cinnamon—one of the oldest spices in the world—mixed into any dish has always been enough to terminate a pregnancy. Oh, sorry, you didn’t know? Of course, as belief in Poseidon dwindled, so did the use of this fairly successful method. One of the methods most widely used by early humans. As far back as ancient Rome, people would often prevent pregnancy by throwing themselves into the mouths of hungry lions immediately after sex. Even back in ancient times, guilt was a powerful tool. One hundred percent effective against pregnancy when received before sex or after the baby has already been born, especially if administered by a complete stranger. One million years ago, early humans learned to wield fire for the primary purpose of frightening advancing sperm away from a woman’s vagina. The intrauterine ornithopter was a device designed by Leonardo da Vinci to fly up into the uterus and through the fallopian tubes to stop an egg from releasing. This clever trick used mostly by women of the peasant class  involved not eating enough nutrients to ovulate properly. Before the more prudish sexual attitudes of modern times developed, ancient humans would seek out those who were incapable of producing children as a result of being dead or children themselves. This highly effective birth control method prevented pregnancy 100% of the time. In ancient times, many pregnancies were avoided simply by pushing a person to the bottom of a 30-foot-deep well. Ancient people knew that if the penis had been destroyed by a rock, it could not get anyone or anything pregnant. Originally invented by Greek philosopher Pythagoras, this brilliant birth control method was practiced by geniuses from Isaac Newton to Bertrand Russell. Even when emergency contraception just consisted of swallowing a poisonous herb, ancient men still wanted to go halfsies. It worked perfectly every time, and without any need for medicines or external devices. Too bad the Mayans all got slaughtered and the only 100% successful form of natural birth control was lost to history. ’Sblood, the ladye was more pox-ridden than a fowle warthog’s arse. Get thee from here, broke-ass wench. Displeasing the pharaoh and being summarily executed was a surefire way of avoiding an unwanted birth. When the ancient Romans ran out of beetroot or thistles to rub on their dicks, they would usually just run to the closest bodega and grab one of these—just to make sure. This surefire recipe for an ancient elixir—applied under a solstice-night moon—had a near-perfect success rate as long as the partner broke down in tears and apologized profusely for not lasting longer. Arby’s signature sauce was used in Babylon as spermicide. What To Say When Someone Asks Why You Don’t Have Kids Shocking Things No One Told You About Childbirth Completely Legal Reasons Pharmacists Can Use To Refuse Birth Control Back To Homepage 
104	Jon	3	Ingenious Forms Of Birth Control Used In Ancient Times  Throughout recorded history, humans have been clever and resourceful as they sought out ways to avoid getting saddled down with an unwanted kid. The Onion looks back on the most ingenious forms of birth control used in ancient times. This ancient Egyptian birth control method involved wrapping the penis tightly in linen and treating it with embalming fluids. If nothing else worked out, there was always the option of throwing the dice, getting pregnant, and immediately dying during childbirth. Used as early as the fifth century B.C. by Romans, the vaginal cork saw some success in preventing an infant from escaping through the birth canal. Just a small amount of cinnamon—one of the oldest spices in the world—mixed into any dish has always been enough to terminate a pregnancy. Oh, sorry, you didn’t know? Of course, as belief in Poseidon dwindled, so did the use of this fairly successful method. One of the methods most widely used by early humans. As far back as ancient Rome, people would often prevent pregnancy by throwing themselves into the mouths of hungry lions immediately after sex. Even back in ancient times, guilt was a powerful tool. One hundred percent effective against pregnancy when received before sex or after the baby has already been born, especially if administered by a complete stranger. One million years ago, early humans learned to wield fire for the primary purpose of frightening advancing sperm away from a woman’s vagina. The intrauterine ornithopter was a device designed by Leonardo da Vinci to fly up into the uterus and through the fallopian tubes to stop an egg from releasing. This clever trick used mostly by women of the peasant class  involved not eating enough nutrients to ovulate properly. Before the more prudish sexual attitudes of modern times developed, ancient humans would seek out those who were incapable of producing children as a result of being dead or children themselves. This highly effective birth control method prevented pregnancy 100% of the time. In ancient times, many pregnancies were avoided simply by pushing a person to the bottom of a 30-foot-deep well. Ancient people knew that if the penis had been destroyed by a rock, it could not get anyone or anything pregnant. Originally invented by Greek philosopher Pythagoras, this brilliant birth control method was practiced by geniuses from Isaac Newton to Bertrand Russell. Even when emergency contraception just consisted of swallowing a poisonous herb, ancient men still wanted to go halfsies. It worked perfectly every time, and without any need for medicines or external devices. Too bad the Mayans all got slaughtered and the only 100% successful form of natural birth control was lost to history. ’Sblood, the ladye was more pox-ridden than a fowle warthog’s arse. Get thee from here, broke-ass wench. Displeasing the pharaoh and being summarily executed was a surefire way of avoiding an unwanted birth. When the ancient Romans ran out of beetroot or thistles to rub on their dicks, they would usually just run to the closest bodega and grab one of these—just to make sure. This surefire recipe for an ancient elixir—applied under a solstice-night moon—had a near-perfect success rate as long as the partner broke down in tears and apologized profusely for not lasting longer. Arby’s signature sauce was used in Babylon as spermicide. What To Say When Someone Asks Why You Don’t Have Kids Shocking Things No One Told You About Childbirth Completely Legal Reasons Pharmacists Can Use To Refuse Birth Control Back To Homepage 
105	Larry	4	Report: Over 10,000 Pedestrians Struck Annually By Drivers Rushing To Beat McDonald’s Breakfast Cut-Off Time  WASHINGTON—A new report released Monday by the National Highway Safety Traffic Administration found that more than 10,000 pedestrians are struck every year by drivers rushing to beat the cut-off time for the McDonald’s breakfast menu. “Our estimates show that once every 15 minutes in the U.S., a pedestrian will be struck and killed by a car gunning down the street to place their order for a sausage, egg, and cheese McGriddle meal before the restaurant transitions to lunch at 11 a.m.,” said administrator Ann Carlson, who recommended that pedestrians keep themselves safe by using designated crosswalks to stay as far away from McDonald’s as possible, lest they be mowed down by a pick-up truck driver too hungry for hash browns to notice their body flying over the windshield. “In addition, nearly 1,000 cyclists are struck annually after getting decked by drivers who missed the cut-off time, but do an illegal U-turn in the middle of the intersection to see if the McDonald’s on the other side of town is still doing breakfast. We’d really advise that you don’t go for a walk or bike at all until the McDonald’s kitchen has stopped serving eggs.” At press time, Carlson added that 85% of the pedestrians who survived were so badly injured, they could barely crawl into McDonald’s to beat the breakfast cut-off time. 
105	Jon	3	Report: Over 10,000 Pedestrians Struck Annually By Drivers Rushing To Beat McDonald’s Breakfast Cut-Off Time  WASHINGTON—A new report released Monday by the National Highway Safety Traffic Administration found that more than 10,000 pedestrians are struck every year by drivers rushing to beat the cut-off time for the McDonald’s breakfast menu. “Our estimates show that once every 15 minutes in the U.S., a pedestrian will be struck and killed by a car gunning down the street to place their order for a sausage, egg, and cheese McGriddle meal before the restaurant transitions to lunch at 11 a.m.,” said administrator Ann Carlson, who recommended that pedestrians keep themselves safe by using designated crosswalks to stay as far away from McDonald’s as possible, lest they be mowed down by a pick-up truck driver too hungry for hash browns to notice their body flying over the windshield. “In addition, nearly 1,000 cyclists are struck annually after getting decked by drivers who missed the cut-off time, but do an illegal U-turn in the middle of the intersection to see if the McDonald’s on the other side of town is still doing breakfast. We’d really advise that you don’t go for a walk or bike at all until the McDonald’s kitchen has stopped serving eggs.” At press time, Carlson added that 85% of the pedestrians who survived were so badly injured, they could barely crawl into McDonald’s to beat the breakfast cut-off time. 
106	Larry	5	Saddest Requests Elon Musk Has Made At Twitter Since Taking Over  Since taking over as the CEO of Twitter, Elon Musk has instituted several sad, pathetic company policies driven almost entirely by his ego. Here are the most cringe-worthy requests Musk has made so far. In an effort to stand out, Elon demanded engineers make his own tweets one size larger than those on the rest of the site. Feeling as if the “tears of laughter” face that he includes in many of his Tweets is overdone, the CEO has requested a new slate of fresh, even more out-of-touch emoticons. Elon knew cuts had to be made, but he requested to make sure the company only had enough to reflect the sex position he has never done before. After sexually harassing the sex bots, Elon had to make the embarrassing request for software engineers to get the sex bots to unblock him. Stating that it was great for workplace culture, Elon demanded that every employee shriek and laugh like schoolgirls after he pointed out that it was 4:20 p.m. Employees were disturbed to hear that Elon dropped to his knees and begged his CFO to release the $240 per year he’d need to continue making his hilarious memes. This was partially offset by the $10 friendship fee Twitter employees started charging Elon. Musk’s in-house Lorne Michaels impersonator tells him at least once a day he’s never read a packet as good as his. The practice of quickly looking down at the CEO’s open pants, looking up, and exclaiming “so normal!” is expected to become mandatory for middle management next quarter. All 1300 Twitter employees politely declined so as not send him the wrong message. It’s believed he thought the moniker sounded tough. Elon’s the best boy in the world every day at 3 p.m. Staff had just gotten him to stop crying when he saw a chicken photo that got him riled up again. To ensure a truly global audience, billions of people worldwide receive paper copies of his jokes, political opinions, and hilarious memes. Additionally, anyone on the office roof deck at the time must ‘ooh’ and ‘aah’ each time he tosses a beanbag. What if Elon had a purse in a profile picture? It would be crazy! An experienced CEO like Musk should know that businesses aren’t for making money, they’re for evading taxes. Most Awesome Perks That Employees Who Work For Elon Musk Get Things Former Twitter Employees Said About Elon Musk That Got Them Fired Things To Never Say To Someone Who Loves Elon Musk Back To Homepage 
106	Jon	4	Saddest Requests Elon Musk Has Made At Twitter Since Taking Over  Since taking over as the CEO of Twitter, Elon Musk has instituted several sad, pathetic company policies driven almost entirely by his ego. Here are the most cringe-worthy requests Musk has made so far. In an effort to stand out, Elon demanded engineers make his own tweets one size larger than those on the rest of the site. Feeling as if the “tears of laughter” face that he includes in many of his Tweets is overdone, the CEO has requested a new slate of fresh, even more out-of-touch emoticons. Elon knew cuts had to be made, but he requested to make sure the company only had enough to reflect the sex position he has never done before. After sexually harassing the sex bots, Elon had to make the embarrassing request for software engineers to get the sex bots to unblock him. Stating that it was great for workplace culture, Elon demanded that every employee shriek and laugh like schoolgirls after he pointed out that it was 4:20 p.m. Employees were disturbed to hear that Elon dropped to his knees and begged his CFO to release the $240 per year he’d need to continue making his hilarious memes. This was partially offset by the $10 friendship fee Twitter employees started charging Elon. Musk’s in-house Lorne Michaels impersonator tells him at least once a day he’s never read a packet as good as his. The practice of quickly looking down at the CEO’s open pants, looking up, and exclaiming “so normal!” is expected to become mandatory for middle management next quarter. All 1300 Twitter employees politely declined so as not send him the wrong message. It’s believed he thought the moniker sounded tough. Elon’s the best boy in the world every day at 3 p.m. Staff had just gotten him to stop crying when he saw a chicken photo that got him riled up again. To ensure a truly global audience, billions of people worldwide receive paper copies of his jokes, political opinions, and hilarious memes. Additionally, anyone on the office roof deck at the time must ‘ooh’ and ‘aah’ each time he tosses a beanbag. What if Elon had a purse in a profile picture? It would be crazy! An experienced CEO like Musk should know that businesses aren’t for making money, they’re for evading taxes. Most Awesome Perks That Employees Who Work For Elon Musk Get Things Former Twitter Employees Said About Elon Musk That Got Them Fired Things To Never Say To Someone Who Loves Elon Musk Back To Homepage 
107	Larry	2	Shy Andy Reid Asks Eagles If They Remember Him  GLENDALE, AZ—Mumbling as he spoke and attempting to brush a strand of hair behind his ear, a shy Andy Reid reportedly asked the Philadelphia Eagles  Sunday if they remembered him. “Hi, my name is Andy, do you remember?” said the Kansas City Chiefs head coach, who turned beet red and avoided eye contact with members of the Eagles, seemingly addressing the ground while he talked to his former team. “It’s okay if you don’t. I was around about 10 years ago. I remember you though. I would hang out mostly on the sidelines. Anyway, I can’t stick around. I have to work. I’ll be over there if you want to maybe come say hi later. Well, seeya, I guess.” At press time, the Eagles players were shrugging and wondering who the hell that rando who had approached them was.  
107	Jon	2	Shy Andy Reid Asks Eagles If They Remember Him  GLENDALE, AZ—Mumbling as he spoke and attempting to brush a strand of hair behind his ear, a shy Andy Reid reportedly asked the Philadelphia Eagles  Sunday if they remembered him. “Hi, my name is Andy, do you remember?” said the Kansas City Chiefs head coach, who turned beet red and avoided eye contact with members of the Eagles, seemingly addressing the ground while he talked to his former team. “It’s okay if you don’t. I was around about 10 years ago. I remember you though. I would hang out mostly on the sidelines. Anyway, I can’t stick around. I have to work. I’ll be over there if you want to maybe come say hi later. Well, seeya, I guess.” At press time, the Eagles players were shrugging and wondering who the hell that rando who had approached them was.  
108	Larry	3	No One Has Heart To Tell Man That They Are All Figments Of His Untethered Mind  EUGENE, OR—Unsure how to break it to him that they didn’t exist, sources in the head of local man Marshall Horbol confirmed Monday that no one had the heart to tell the 32-year-old they were all merely figments of his untethered mind. “I’m worried he would take it really hard if he found out that everyone in his life was nothing more than a delusion conjured up by his warped psyche,” said the hallucinated image of a man who Horbol believed was his best friend, but who in fact had no corporeal form outside his brain. “I just don’t think he’s ready to accept that none of the people he has interacted with—his family, his friends, his teachers growing up, the bartender who just handed him what he thinks is a bottle of beer—was ever alive. He was always a sensitive boy, so it would crush him if he suddenly found out that his subconscious had fabricated everyone he loves out of thin air. I mean, just look how happy he is indulging in the fantasy that the world is real.” Reached for comment, Horbol confided to reporters that he was well aware his loved ones were only a product of his own raving madness, but that he felt it would be cruel to tell them so.   
108	Jon	3	No One Has Heart To Tell Man That They Are All Figments Of His Untethered Mind  EUGENE, OR—Unsure how to break it to him that they didn’t exist, sources in the head of local man Marshall Horbol confirmed Monday that no one had the heart to tell the 32-year-old they were all merely figments of his untethered mind. “I’m worried he would take it really hard if he found out that everyone in his life was nothing more than a delusion conjured up by his warped psyche,” said the hallucinated image of a man who Horbol believed was his best friend, but who in fact had no corporeal form outside his brain. “I just don’t think he’s ready to accept that none of the people he has interacted with—his family, his friends, his teachers growing up, the bartender who just handed him what he thinks is a bottle of beer—was ever alive. He was always a sensitive boy, so it would crush him if he suddenly found out that his subconscious had fabricated everyone he loves out of thin air. I mean, just look how happy he is indulging in the fantasy that the world is real.” Reached for comment, Horbol confided to reporters that he was well aware his loved ones were only a product of his own raving madness, but that he felt it would be cruel to tell them so.   
109	Larry	5	Nursing Home CEO Afraid He’ll End Up In One Of Those Places He Owns  KENNETT SQUARE, PA—Confessing concerns about what would happen if one day, in his old age, he became unable to care for himself, nursing home CEO Robert Gallegro told reporters Tuesday he was afraid to end up in one of those places he owns. “I hope my kids never put me into a degrading, isolating facility like the ones  I run when I’m older,” said Gallegro, adding that being neglected and abused in the conditions he created was not how he wanted to spend the last years of his life. “I’ve overseen the terrible way they treat people in my nursing homes, and it’s just horrific. For Christ’s sake, I could be sitting in my own filth for days because of how understaffed I keep those places to make a profit.” At press time, Gallegro was reportedly making plans to open a few more nursing homes to ensure he had enough money not to end up in one of them. 
109	Jon	5	Nursing Home CEO Afraid He’ll End Up In One Of Those Places He Owns  KENNETT SQUARE, PA—Confessing concerns about what would happen if one day, in his old age, he became unable to care for himself, nursing home CEO Robert Gallegro told reporters Tuesday he was afraid to end up in one of those places he owns. “I hope my kids never put me into a degrading, isolating facility like the ones  I run when I’m older,” said Gallegro, adding that being neglected and abused in the conditions he created was not how he wanted to spend the last years of his life. “I’ve overseen the terrible way they treat people in my nursing homes, and it’s just horrific. For Christ’s sake, I could be sitting in my own filth for days because of how understaffed I keep those places to make a profit.” At press time, Gallegro was reportedly making plans to open a few more nursing homes to ensure he had enough money not to end up in one of them. 
110	Larry	4	Roger Goodell Announces Thinking Too Hard About Football Has Given Him CTE  NEW YORK—The NFL community was rocked by another disclosure of a devastating brain injury Wednesday after commissioner Roger Goodell announced that thinking too hard about football had given him CTE. “It is with sadness that I tell you league doctors have diagnosed me with chronic traumatic encephalopathy, a condition I developed after repeated thoughts to the head,” Goodell, 63, said in a statement, adding that he sought medical attention Tuesday morning after the decision over whether to call a game between the Buffalo Bills and Cincinnati Bengals due to a player going into cardiac arrest on the field had caused him to think “way, way too hard” about football, which induced massive headaches accompanied by severe confusion. “Taking some Tylenol didn’t work, and I suddenly felt very angry at all the people asking me about football, so I went to the doctor. They informed me that after 16 years as commissioner of the league, repeatedly wondering whether football is good or bad had given me dozens of concussions. I want to take responsibility for my CTE, however, because I started having ideas about football at a young age, when my brain wasn’t fully developed, and I haven’t always worn a helmet when I thought about football. Now, I’ve unfortunately thought so much about football that I’m experiencing significant memory loss, and even suicidal ideation. I wish I had been more careful about thinking.” At press time, a visibly disoriented Goodell was seen standing nude outside NFL headquarters brandishing a handgun and threatening to end thoughts about football once and for all. 
110	Jon	4	Roger Goodell Announces Thinking Too Hard About Football Has Given Him CTE  NEW YORK—The NFL community was rocked by another disclosure of a devastating brain injury Wednesday after commissioner Roger Goodell announced that thinking too hard about football had given him CTE. “It is with sadness that I tell you league doctors have diagnosed me with chronic traumatic encephalopathy, a condition I developed after repeated thoughts to the head,” Goodell, 63, said in a statement, adding that he sought medical attention Tuesday morning after the decision over whether to call a game between the Buffalo Bills and Cincinnati Bengals due to a player going into cardiac arrest on the field had caused him to think “way, way too hard” about football, which induced massive headaches accompanied by severe confusion. “Taking some Tylenol didn’t work, and I suddenly felt very angry at all the people asking me about football, so I went to the doctor. They informed me that after 16 years as commissioner of the league, repeatedly wondering whether football is good or bad had given me dozens of concussions. I want to take responsibility for my CTE, however, because I started having ideas about football at a young age, when my brain wasn’t fully developed, and I haven’t always worn a helmet when I thought about football. Now, I’ve unfortunately thought so much about football that I’m experiencing significant memory loss, and even suicidal ideation. I wish I had been more careful about thinking.” At press time, a visibly disoriented Goodell was seen standing nude outside NFL headquarters brandishing a handgun and threatening to end thoughts about football once and for all. 
111	Larry	3	Facebook, Instagram End Trump’s Suspension From Platforms  Meta has announced that Donald Trump’s Facebook and Instagram accounts will be reinstated, two years after he was suspended over incendiary posts about the Jan. 6 riot at the Capitol. What do you think? “Do people even still use Facebook and Instagram to overthrow the government?” Clinton Peters, Unemployed “I guess Facebook won’t be just the cold hard facts anymore.” Frank Bell, Professional Naysayer “It will be interesting to see if he still thinks Chris Christie is fat.” Teighan Callahan, Club Secretary 
111	Jon	4	Facebook, Instagram End Trump’s Suspension From Platforms  Meta has announced that Donald Trump’s Facebook and Instagram accounts will be reinstated, two years after he was suspended over incendiary posts about the Jan. 6 riot at the Capitol. What do you think? “Do people even still use Facebook and Instagram to overthrow the government?” Clinton Peters, Unemployed “I guess Facebook won’t be just the cold hard facts anymore.” Frank Bell, Professional Naysayer “It will be interesting to see if he still thinks Chris Christie is fat.” Teighan Callahan, Club Secretary 
112	Larry	3	MrBeast Re-Blinds 1,000 People  JACKSONVILLE, FL—Promising the incredibly cheap and easy procedure would ultimately change patients’ lives forever, YouTube star MrBeast released a video Friday in which he re-blinded 1,000 people. “Today is awesome, because starting right now, we’re going to find hundreds of formerly blind people, stab them in the eyes, and destroy the vision that we just restored,” said MrBeast, whose real name is Jimmy Donaldson, before proceeding to put on scrubs, hide in a waiting room, and surprise each patient by jumping out, immediately driving a stake into their optic nerve, and then joyfully hugging them as they wept in disbelief. “It’s just so sad. A simple re-blinding procedure should be available to anyone, but the truth is, so many of these people could not afford even the most basic knives, scissors, or bows and arrows that I used to remove their eyesight. The government had the money to help these people and could have easily erased their vision forever. Why didn’t they step up?” At press time, MrBeast also surprised the patients by personally taking back several suitcases filled with $10,000 that he had gifted them. 
112	Jon	2	MrBeast Re-Blinds 1,000 People  JACKSONVILLE, FL—Promising the incredibly cheap and easy procedure would ultimately change patients’ lives forever, YouTube star MrBeast released a video Friday in which he re-blinded 1,000 people. “Today is awesome, because starting right now, we’re going to find hundreds of formerly blind people, stab them in the eyes, and destroy the vision that we just restored,” said MrBeast, whose real name is Jimmy Donaldson, before proceeding to put on scrubs, hide in a waiting room, and surprise each patient by jumping out, immediately driving a stake into their optic nerve, and then joyfully hugging them as they wept in disbelief. “It’s just so sad. A simple re-blinding procedure should be available to anyone, but the truth is, so many of these people could not afford even the most basic knives, scissors, or bows and arrows that I used to remove their eyesight. The government had the money to help these people and could have easily erased their vision forever. Why didn’t they step up?” At press time, MrBeast also surprised the patients by personally taking back several suitcases filled with $10,000 that he had gifted them. 
113	Larry	5	D.C. Landlord Clarifies He Rejected Gen Z Congressman Because He’s Black  WASHINGTON—In response to the Gen Z congressman-elect’s tweet that his apartment application was turned down due to bad credit, D.C. landlord Ray Forster reportedly clarified Friday that he actually rejected Maxwell Frost because he’s Black. “Bad credit had nothing to do with it—you can work something out with someone who has bad credit, but you just can’t work something out with someone who’s Black,” said Forster, adding that his management company had run a routine background check that should have turned up evidence of the 25-year-old Florida congressman’s Black skin and immediately disqualified him. “I mean, the guy very publicly just got a new job with a salary that would be sufficient to rent this apartment, so it’s clearly not a financial thing. Other landlords might have let him use a guarantor for the month before his first paycheck came in, but that’s a slippery slope, because if you let one Black guy rent an apartment from you, suddenly you open yourself up to letting any Black guy waltz in here and submit an application. And you know, it’s really hard to build credit in the first place, especially with the younger generation, so I try to help out where I can, but his race is where I draw the line.” At press time, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi suggested Frost ask fellow congressman Hakeem Jeffries for an apartment recommendation, since the two of them probably knew each other. 
113	Jon	5	D.C. Landlord Clarifies He Rejected Gen Z Congressman Because He’s Black  WASHINGTON—In response to the Gen Z congressman-elect’s tweet that his apartment application was turned down due to bad credit, D.C. landlord Ray Forster reportedly clarified Friday that he actually rejected Maxwell Frost because he’s Black. “Bad credit had nothing to do with it—you can work something out with someone who has bad credit, but you just can’t work something out with someone who’s Black,” said Forster, adding that his management company had run a routine background check that should have turned up evidence of the 25-year-old Florida congressman’s Black skin and immediately disqualified him. “I mean, the guy very publicly just got a new job with a salary that would be sufficient to rent this apartment, so it’s clearly not a financial thing. Other landlords might have let him use a guarantor for the month before his first paycheck came in, but that’s a slippery slope, because if you let one Black guy rent an apartment from you, suddenly you open yourself up to letting any Black guy waltz in here and submit an application. And you know, it’s really hard to build credit in the first place, especially with the younger generation, so I try to help out where I can, but his race is where I draw the line.” At press time, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi suggested Frost ask fellow congressman Hakeem Jeffries for an apartment recommendation, since the two of them probably knew each other. 
114	Larry	4	Frustrated Man Still On Waitlist To Register As Sex Offender  HILLIARD, FL—Complaining about how slow and cumbersome the entire process had been, frustrated local man Jeff Engers told reporters Thursday he was still on the waitlist to register as a sex offender in his community. “I’ve been trying for weeks to get on that registry, and I’m starting to wonder what exactly a guy’s gotta do to sign up as a person who’s committed sex crimes,” said Engers, adding that he was fully qualified to receive a designation of level-2 sex offender and had the criminal record of lewd and lascivious conduct to prove it, so he didn’t know why it was taking so long. “There must be a ton of guys ahead of me trying to register, or maybe they just really limit the number of people they give a spot to. I thought masturbating on a park bench in front of a class of first-graders would have pushed me to the front of the line, but I guess not.” At press time, Engers was reportedly going door to door and explaining to his neighbors that while he was not currently a registered sex offender, he hoped to be one very soon. 
114	Jon	5	Frustrated Man Still On Waitlist To Register As Sex Offender  HILLIARD, FL—Complaining about how slow and cumbersome the entire process had been, frustrated local man Jeff Engers told reporters Thursday he was still on the waitlist to register as a sex offender in his community. “I’ve been trying for weeks to get on that registry, and I’m starting to wonder what exactly a guy’s gotta do to sign up as a person who’s committed sex crimes,” said Engers, adding that he was fully qualified to receive a designation of level-2 sex offender and had the criminal record of lewd and lascivious conduct to prove it, so he didn’t know why it was taking so long. “There must be a ton of guys ahead of me trying to register, or maybe they just really limit the number of people they give a spot to. I thought masturbating on a park bench in front of a class of first-graders would have pushed me to the front of the line, but I guess not.” At press time, Engers was reportedly going door to door and explaining to his neighbors that while he was not currently a registered sex offender, he hoped to be one very soon. 
115	Larry	2	Grammy For Best Hidden Track Awarded Just As Everyone Thought Ceremony Over  LOS ANGELES—Presenting the final statuette long after all the others had been handed out, the 65th Annual Grammy Awards bestowed the honor for best hidden track Thursday, just as everyone believed the ceremony was over. “There was this long stretch of silence and static for days after the live broadcast seemed to cut out, but then all of a sudden the stage lights kicked on and Pharrell was there reading the nominees for best hidden track,” said Melissa Proach, 28, an eagle-eyed viewer and self-described “hardcore Grammy fan” who suspected the awards show still had a big surprise in store when she looked at her TV screen and noticed the ceremony’s runtime was 87 hours. “My roommates kept telling me it was over, especially after Trevor Noah told everyone good night and the credits rolled, but I knew there might be something special still to come. They even had an unbilled performance by Olivia Rodrigo. She had on the same see-through dress she wore on the red carpet, but she looked really tired.” Proach added that the only person who remained in the audience for the hidden track presentation was an unshaven Ben Affleck, who appeared to jerk awake suddenly when the music started.  
115	Jon	3	Grammy For Best Hidden Track Awarded Just As Everyone Thought Ceremony Over  LOS ANGELES—Presenting the final statuette long after all the others had been handed out, the 65th Annual Grammy Awards bestowed the honor for best hidden track Thursday, just as everyone believed the ceremony was over. “There was this long stretch of silence and static for days after the live broadcast seemed to cut out, but then all of a sudden the stage lights kicked on and Pharrell was there reading the nominees for best hidden track,” said Melissa Proach, 28, an eagle-eyed viewer and self-described “hardcore Grammy fan” who suspected the awards show still had a big surprise in store when she looked at her TV screen and noticed the ceremony’s runtime was 87 hours. “My roommates kept telling me it was over, especially after Trevor Noah told everyone good night and the credits rolled, but I knew there might be something special still to come. They even had an unbilled performance by Olivia Rodrigo. She had on the same see-through dress she wore on the red carpet, but she looked really tired.” Proach added that the only person who remained in the audience for the hidden track presentation was an unshaven Ben Affleck, who appeared to jerk awake suddenly when the music started.  
116	Larry	4	Black Coworker Probably Wants Someone To Bring Up Negro League Baseball To Him Out Of Nowhere  WATERBURY, CT—As he attempted to mind his business and go about his day as the only African American person in his office, sources reported Wednesday that Black coworker Kevin Wright probably wanted someone to bring up Negro League baseball to him out of nowhere. “I’m sure Kevin wants me to interrupt whatever work he’s doing and pop up behind him without introducing myself to start going on about how Satchel Paige would’ve been the best player in the league if he’d only been allowed to play in the MLB in his prime,” said Arthur Sanders, adding that Wright, who sat at his desk working quietly and answering emails, was practically begging to discuss the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum in Kansas City and how it was a shame that times were what they were and those guys didn’t get to play “real big league ball.” “You can tell by the look on his face he’s just itching for me to mention Cool Papa Bell. I mean, why wouldn’t he want me to? I’m pretty sure I can just bring this up with him when he’s standing at the urinal in the bathroom, or in the kitchen making his coffee. Any given moment, really. No need to ask him anything about himself, just  launch into different teams, matchups, and how player rosters were affected by the beginning of World War II.” At press time, Sanders had reportedly been called into HR for a meeting.  
116	Jon	4	Black Coworker Probably Wants Someone To Bring Up Negro League Baseball To Him Out Of Nowhere  WATERBURY, CT—As he attempted to mind his business and go about his day as the only African American person in his office, sources reported Wednesday that Black coworker Kevin Wright probably wanted someone to bring up Negro League baseball to him out of nowhere. “I’m sure Kevin wants me to interrupt whatever work he’s doing and pop up behind him without introducing myself to start going on about how Satchel Paige would’ve been the best player in the league if he’d only been allowed to play in the MLB in his prime,” said Arthur Sanders, adding that Wright, who sat at his desk working quietly and answering emails, was practically begging to discuss the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum in Kansas City and how it was a shame that times were what they were and those guys didn’t get to play “real big league ball.” “You can tell by the look on his face he’s just itching for me to mention Cool Papa Bell. I mean, why wouldn’t he want me to? I’m pretty sure I can just bring this up with him when he’s standing at the urinal in the bathroom, or in the kitchen making his coffee. Any given moment, really. No need to ask him anything about himself, just  launch into different teams, matchups, and how player rosters were affected by the beginning of World War II.” At press time, Sanders had reportedly been called into HR for a meeting.  
117	Larry	3	Bathroom Attendant Offers Man Sticker For Using Potty All On His Own  MIAMI—Insisting that the patron had done such a good job that he deserved a reward, bathroom attendant Ron Carlton reportedly offered a 39-year-old customer a sticker at the Fitzmorris Steakhouse Friday for using the potty all on his own. “Ah, the gentleman has been a very big boy and earned himself a sticker of his choosing,” said the attendant, opening a leather briefcase to allow the adult patron to peruse several sheets of sparkly stickers featuring Barney, construction vehicles, and colorful stars. “I put on the potty music, but I should have known a fellow of your refinement wouldn’t need it. Quite impressive. And if I may say so, sir, I must commend you on getting most of it into the toilet. Now choose wisely, and remember that if you get four more of these, I’ll let you watch an episode of Paw Patrol.” At press time, the bathroom attendant was singing the alphabet song for the patron to ensure he took enough time washing his hands. 
117	Jon	2	Bathroom Attendant Offers Man Sticker For Using Potty All On His Own  MIAMI—Insisting that the patron had done such a good job that he deserved a reward, bathroom attendant Ron Carlton reportedly offered a 39-year-old customer a sticker at the Fitzmorris Steakhouse Friday for using the potty all on his own. “Ah, the gentleman has been a very big boy and earned himself a sticker of his choosing,” said the attendant, opening a leather briefcase to allow the adult patron to peruse several sheets of sparkly stickers featuring Barney, construction vehicles, and colorful stars. “I put on the potty music, but I should have known a fellow of your refinement wouldn’t need it. Quite impressive. And if I may say so, sir, I must commend you on getting most of it into the toilet. Now choose wisely, and remember that if you get four more of these, I’ll let you watch an episode of Paw Patrol.” At press time, the bathroom attendant was singing the alphabet song for the patron to ensure he took enough time washing his hands. 
118	Larry	3	Priest Never Sure How To Fill Awkward Silence After Last Rites Finished But Before Person Dies  BOSTON—Glancing at his watch as the afternoon dragged on, local priest Father Daniel McConnell reportedly admitted Monday that he never knew how to fill the awkward silence that came after he had administered last rites but before the person had died. “Not sure what else to say—um, goodbye?” said the clergyman, who nervously chuckled at the bedside of an elderly man in hospice, twiddling his thumbs before he shrugged at the nurses as if to say “What gives?” when the patient failed to pass on and instead stared longingly at the priest, presumably seeking additional words of comfort. “Time to let go, son. Your Heavenly Father is waiting, and I really want to check my phone without being rude. Maybe I can run through the ceremony once more, if you think that will help? And really stretch it out this time? But if we’re talking hours here instead of minutes, maybe we could put the Celtics game on, just so we’re not sitting here staring at each other like idiots. Or maybe I could leave some of the oil behind and, if you sin again, you could just go ahead and anoint yourself. No one wants you to end up in hell, of course—ha, ha.” At press time, Father McConnell was overheard begging the dying man to at least make an effort to hold up his end of a conversation if he insisted on sticking around. 
118	Jon	3	Priest Never Sure How To Fill Awkward Silence After Last Rites Finished But Before Person Dies  BOSTON—Glancing at his watch as the afternoon dragged on, local priest Father Daniel McConnell reportedly admitted Monday that he never knew how to fill the awkward silence that came after he had administered last rites but before the person had died. “Not sure what else to say—um, goodbye?” said the clergyman, who nervously chuckled at the bedside of an elderly man in hospice, twiddling his thumbs before he shrugged at the nurses as if to say “What gives?” when the patient failed to pass on and instead stared longingly at the priest, presumably seeking additional words of comfort. “Time to let go, son. Your Heavenly Father is waiting, and I really want to check my phone without being rude. Maybe I can run through the ceremony once more, if you think that will help? And really stretch it out this time? But if we’re talking hours here instead of minutes, maybe we could put the Celtics game on, just so we’re not sitting here staring at each other like idiots. Or maybe I could leave some of the oil behind and, if you sin again, you could just go ahead and anoint yourself. No one wants you to end up in hell, of course—ha, ha.” At press time, Father McConnell was overheard begging the dying man to at least make an effort to hold up his end of a conversation if he insisted on sticking around. 
119	Larry	3	Neurologists Confirm Nightmares Persist After Death  CAMBRIDGE, MA—Shedding new light on what happens to humans after they die, a study published Wednesday in the Journal Of Neurology found that the nightmares will never cease, not even in death. “For decades, the consensus among scientists was that once life ended, the nightmares would end too, but new data confirms we were wrong,” said Harvard University neurologist and study co-author John Simmons, explaining that after death, residual electro-chemical impulses could still be detected in the human brain, but only in the portions of the amygdala and hippocampus responsible for the most painful, horrific, and humiliating dreams. “Our research indicates that long after death—as our bodies decompose and there is less and less of us physically—there remains behind a mental awareness that is actually quite powerful, though limited exclusively to hallucinatory visions of terror as we relive the most excruciating panic and torment our psyches endured in life. It appears, from a clinical perspective, that there is no escape.” Simmons added that the situation was somewhat different when a body was cremated, observing that in these cases the brain merely registered a sensation of continuous burning for all eternity.  
119	Jon	3	Neurologists Confirm Nightmares Persist After Death  CAMBRIDGE, MA—Shedding new light on what happens to humans after they die, a study published Wednesday in the Journal Of Neurology found that the nightmares will never cease, not even in death. “For decades, the consensus among scientists was that once life ended, the nightmares would end too, but new data confirms we were wrong,” said Harvard University neurologist and study co-author John Simmons, explaining that after death, residual electro-chemical impulses could still be detected in the human brain, but only in the portions of the amygdala and hippocampus responsible for the most painful, horrific, and humiliating dreams. “Our research indicates that long after death—as our bodies decompose and there is less and less of us physically—there remains behind a mental awareness that is actually quite powerful, though limited exclusively to hallucinatory visions of terror as we relive the most excruciating panic and torment our psyches endured in life. It appears, from a clinical perspective, that there is no escape.” Simmons added that the situation was somewhat different when a body was cremated, observing that in these cases the brain merely registered a sensation of continuous burning for all eternity.  
120	Larry	4	Democrats Demand Republicans Push Anti-Trans Agenda More Quietly  WASHINGTON—Emphasizing that they could no longer stand by and watch the GOP’s annoyingly public-facing attacks, Democrats demanded Wednesday that Republicans begin pushing their anti-trans agenda more quietly. “We the Democratic Party, officially call on our Republican colleagues to cease being so painfully obvious about their anti-trans hate and funnel that into more palatable acts of silent discrimination,” said Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY), adding that Republicans were totally free to continue dehumanizing any minority group that they pleased, so long as they learned to be more chill about it. “Rather than constantly going on talk shows and screaming about how members of the trans community should be jailed or how gender-affirming care must be banned, we’d much prefer if they just sat back, kept their mouths shut, and began doing more of their evil shit behind the scenes. Take it from us, confining your anti-trans agenda to either willful inaction or silent legislative maneuvers definitely still gets the job done.” At press time, Schumer called on Democrats to continue to sit back, do nothing, and tell their LGBTQIA+ constituents that they were doing everything they could to protect them. 
120	Jon	5	Democrats Demand Republicans Push Anti-Trans Agenda More Quietly  WASHINGTON—Emphasizing that they could no longer stand by and watch the GOP’s annoyingly public-facing attacks, Democrats demanded Wednesday that Republicans begin pushing their anti-trans agenda more quietly. “We the Democratic Party, officially call on our Republican colleagues to cease being so painfully obvious about their anti-trans hate and funnel that into more palatable acts of silent discrimination,” said Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY), adding that Republicans were totally free to continue dehumanizing any minority group that they pleased, so long as they learned to be more chill about it. “Rather than constantly going on talk shows and screaming about how members of the trans community should be jailed or how gender-affirming care must be banned, we’d much prefer if they just sat back, kept their mouths shut, and began doing more of their evil shit behind the scenes. Take it from us, confining your anti-trans agenda to either willful inaction or silent legislative maneuvers definitely still gets the job done.” At press time, Schumer called on Democrats to continue to sit back, do nothing, and tell their LGBTQIA+ constituents that they were doing everything they could to protect them. 
121	Larry	4	Unfortunate Study Finds Abusing Waitstaff Secret To Longer, Happier Life  NEW YORK—Emphasizing that the researchers were by no means happy about these results, an unfortunate study published by Columbia University this week found that abusing restaurant waitstaff is the secret to living a longer, happier life.  “After tracking thousands of individuals over a period of two decades, we can say with regrettable certainty that treating food service workers like subhuman garbage is the single most important factor in enhancing the length and quality of a human lifespan,” said the study’s lead author Dr. Elizabeth Mitran, who reluctantly explained that just 30 seconds of screaming at a waiter for slow entrées carries greater benefits than an hour of vigorous exercise.“We can’t in good conscience endorse this behavior, but every waiter you make cry adds another year to your life.” “We saw stage IV cancer patients go into full remission after getting a server fired for not smiling enough, no chemo necessary,” added Mitran, shaking her head and frowning as she revealed the data. “In addition, writing ‘God loves you’ on the bill instead of leaving a tip was a silver bullet against depression. We hate to say it, but the subjects who bitched out a server for saying ‘No problem’ instead of ‘You’re welcome’ had unmatched vitality and emotional wellbeing, while those who treated waitstaff with dignity and respect tended to die early and alone.”  Mitran confirmed that  meditation and the Okinawa diet sadly just could not  compare to hurling a plate of eggs at your waiter’s face. Mitran also revealed that the researchers honestly wished they had not done the study in the first place, but they stood by their regrettable findings. When asked if abusing retail employees and baristas could achieve similar results, Mitran hesitated for a moment before admitting that abuse of those workers was, in fact, the secret to mind-blowing, full-body orgasms. 
121	Jon	5	Unfortunate Study Finds Abusing Waitstaff Secret To Longer, Happier Life  NEW YORK—Emphasizing that the researchers were by no means happy about these results, an unfortunate study published by Columbia University this week found that abusing restaurant waitstaff is the secret to living a longer, happier life.  “After tracking thousands of individuals over a period of two decades, we can say with regrettable certainty that treating food service workers like subhuman garbage is the single most important factor in enhancing the length and quality of a human lifespan,” said the study’s lead author Dr. Elizabeth Mitran, who reluctantly explained that just 30 seconds of screaming at a waiter for slow entrées carries greater benefits than an hour of vigorous exercise.“We can’t in good conscience endorse this behavior, but every waiter you make cry adds another year to your life.” “We saw stage IV cancer patients go into full remission after getting a server fired for not smiling enough, no chemo necessary,” added Mitran, shaking her head and frowning as she revealed the data. “In addition, writing ‘God loves you’ on the bill instead of leaving a tip was a silver bullet against depression. We hate to say it, but the subjects who bitched out a server for saying ‘No problem’ instead of ‘You’re welcome’ had unmatched vitality and emotional wellbeing, while those who treated waitstaff with dignity and respect tended to die early and alone.”  Mitran confirmed that  meditation and the Okinawa diet sadly just could not  compare to hurling a plate of eggs at your waiter’s face. Mitran also revealed that the researchers honestly wished they had not done the study in the first place, but they stood by their regrettable findings. When asked if abusing retail employees and baristas could achieve similar results, Mitran hesitated for a moment before admitting that abuse of those workers was, in fact, the secret to mind-blowing, full-body orgasms. 
122	Larry	1	California To Begin Offering Assisted Suicide To Any Over-30 Bachelor Currently Rewatching ‘Cowboy Bebop’  SACRAMENTO, CA—Calling it a humane answer to a heart-wrenching reality afflicting thousands across the state, California Gov. Gavin Newsom signed a bill Monday legalizing assisted suicide for any over-30 bachelor currently rewatching the 1998 anime series Cowboy Bebop. “Today, we are offering an escape from meaningless suffering for any single thirtysomething out there who decided they had nothing better to do than revisit the entirety of this show’s 26-episode run,” said Newsom, describing the bill’s generous provisions to euthanize men who were wondering whether the anime held up; threw on the first episode, “Asteroid Blues”; and then chose to watch all 650 minutes of the full series rather than search for a suitable mate. “It breaks your heart to think of men like this—people whose lives have clearly ceased to be worth living—spending night after night alone on their couch watching Jet Black, Faye Valentine, genius dog Ein, Edward Wong Hau Pepelu Tivrusky IV, and Spike Spiegel hunt down bounties. We want them to know it doesn’t have to go on like this. All it takes is one call, and we will come to their house and put them out of their misery.” Newsom went on to emphasize that the bill allowed California to humanely deliver the fatal injection just as the closing credits song “The Real Folk Blues” fades out. 
122	Jon	1	California To Begin Offering Assisted Suicide To Any Over-30 Bachelor Currently Rewatching ‘Cowboy Bebop’  SACRAMENTO, CA—Calling it a humane answer to a heart-wrenching reality afflicting thousands across the state, California Gov. Gavin Newsom signed a bill Monday legalizing assisted suicide for any over-30 bachelor currently rewatching the 1998 anime series Cowboy Bebop. “Today, we are offering an escape from meaningless suffering for any single thirtysomething out there who decided they had nothing better to do than revisit the entirety of this show’s 26-episode run,” said Newsom, describing the bill’s generous provisions to euthanize men who were wondering whether the anime held up; threw on the first episode, “Asteroid Blues”; and then chose to watch all 650 minutes of the full series rather than search for a suitable mate. “It breaks your heart to think of men like this—people whose lives have clearly ceased to be worth living—spending night after night alone on their couch watching Jet Black, Faye Valentine, genius dog Ein, Edward Wong Hau Pepelu Tivrusky IV, and Spike Spiegel hunt down bounties. We want them to know it doesn’t have to go on like this. All it takes is one call, and we will come to their house and put them out of their misery.” Newsom went on to emphasize that the bill allowed California to humanely deliver the fatal injection just as the closing credits song “The Real Folk Blues” fades out. 
123	Larry	2	Subway Introduces Mandatory 72-Hour Psychiatric Hold For Anyone Thinking Of Ordering Sandwich  MILFORD, CT—Rolling out the new mental health initiative at locations nationwide, fast food chain Subway announced this week that it had implemented a mandatory 72-hour psychiatric hold for anyone thinking of ordering a sandwich from one of its restaurants. “For their own safety and the safety of those around them, anyone who contemplates purchasing or eating one of our signature subs will be involuntarily detained for up to three days,” said spokesperson Gina Debbs, adding that customers would be held in a secure, Subway-operated psychiatric facility where their intent to self-harm would be assessed by asking them to rate, on a scale of one to 10, how appetizing they found each menu item to be. “In most cases, once we evaluate the customer for a couple of days, it’s no longer necessary to hold them against their will, as they realize the seriousness of their condition and are willing to undergo any course of treatment  necessary to ensure they never actually ingest a  Cold Cut Combo or Turkey Cali Club. They soon realize that if they don’t find a way to change, they’ll wind up out on the streets and desperate, holding a foot-long Buffalo Chicken Melt up to their mouth.” Subway also announced that in order to better serve the communities in which it operates, the company would donate a portion of its profits to shutting local Subway franchises.  
123	Jon	4	Subway Introduces Mandatory 72-Hour Psychiatric Hold For Anyone Thinking Of Ordering Sandwich  MILFORD, CT—Rolling out the new mental health initiative at locations nationwide, fast food chain Subway announced this week that it had implemented a mandatory 72-hour psychiatric hold for anyone thinking of ordering a sandwich from one of its restaurants. “For their own safety and the safety of those around them, anyone who contemplates purchasing or eating one of our signature subs will be involuntarily detained for up to three days,” said spokesperson Gina Debbs, adding that customers would be held in a secure, Subway-operated psychiatric facility where their intent to self-harm would be assessed by asking them to rate, on a scale of one to 10, how appetizing they found each menu item to be. “In most cases, once we evaluate the customer for a couple of days, it’s no longer necessary to hold them against their will, as they realize the seriousness of their condition and are willing to undergo any course of treatment  necessary to ensure they never actually ingest a  Cold Cut Combo or Turkey Cali Club. They soon realize that if they don’t find a way to change, they’ll wind up out on the streets and desperate, holding a foot-long Buffalo Chicken Melt up to their mouth.” Subway also announced that in order to better serve the communities in which it operates, the company would donate a portion of its profits to shutting local Subway franchises.  
124	Larry	3	Clueless Commuters Walk Past World-Famous Subway Masturbator Without Realizing  NEW YORK—Ignoring what they apparently dismissed as just an ordinary, unassuming man with his pants around his ankles, dozens of clueless Manhattan commuters walked past the world-famous subway masturbator James Bosley without even realizing who he was, sources reported Wednesday. “It’s amazing anyone could pass by this titan of public onanism without so much as a second glance,” critic Damien Lundy said of the riders on the uptown train who were reportedly too busy staring at their phones to pay much attention to the once-in-a-generation self-pleasuring virtuoso as he exposed himself and plied his craft. “This man is a national treasure—perhaps the greatest American-born masturbator ever to ejaculate in full view on public transit. He’s masturbated on the London Underground, the Paris Métro, and the Berlin U-Bahn. He’s even masturbated for four presidents and the late Queen Elizabeth.” According to reports, Bosley left the train car at 66th Street to perform a masturbation recital for a capacity crowd on the prestigious subway platform of the Lincoln Center station.  
124	Jon	4	Clueless Commuters Walk Past World-Famous Subway Masturbator Without Realizing  NEW YORK—Ignoring what they apparently dismissed as just an ordinary, unassuming man with his pants around his ankles, dozens of clueless Manhattan commuters walked past the world-famous subway masturbator James Bosley without even realizing who he was, sources reported Wednesday. “It’s amazing anyone could pass by this titan of public onanism without so much as a second glance,” critic Damien Lundy said of the riders on the uptown train who were reportedly too busy staring at their phones to pay much attention to the once-in-a-generation self-pleasuring virtuoso as he exposed himself and plied his craft. “This man is a national treasure—perhaps the greatest American-born masturbator ever to ejaculate in full view on public transit. He’s masturbated on the London Underground, the Paris Métro, and the Berlin U-Bahn. He’s even masturbated for four presidents and the late Queen Elizabeth.” According to reports, Bosley left the train car at 66th Street to perform a masturbation recital for a capacity crowd on the prestigious subway platform of the Lincoln Center station.  
125	Larry	5	Blundering U.S. Accidentally Stabilizes Foreign Country  WASHINGTON—In a completely unintended development that has left the superpower scrambling to salvage its reputation on the world stage, the blundering U.S. government has accidentally stabilized a foreign country, sources within the intelligence community confirmed Wednesday. “Aw, shit—that government we installed over there somehow actually enjoys broad popular support among all those ethnic factions we spent so much time and money trying to turn against each other,” said CIA director William Burns, who privately expressed concern that if the “major fuckup” was not addressed immediately, the foreign nation’s peace and stability could spread to other parts of  the troubled region in which it is located. “What the hell went wrong? This is not how we do things in the United States. Apparently those sanctions we used to punish them pissed off everyone on all sides, and now they aren’t even beholden to American interests. We need to fix this mess now, or they’ll be outside our sphere of influence forever!” At press time, U.S. policymakers were reportedly afraid to intervene militarily, worried that troops on the ground might actually manage to build a strong, flourishing democracy and vibrant civil society. 
125	Jon	5	Blundering U.S. Accidentally Stabilizes Foreign Country  WASHINGTON—In a completely unintended development that has left the superpower scrambling to salvage its reputation on the world stage, the blundering U.S. government has accidentally stabilized a foreign country, sources within the intelligence community confirmed Wednesday. “Aw, shit—that government we installed over there somehow actually enjoys broad popular support among all those ethnic factions we spent so much time and money trying to turn against each other,” said CIA director William Burns, who privately expressed concern that if the “major fuckup” was not addressed immediately, the foreign nation’s peace and stability could spread to other parts of  the troubled region in which it is located. “What the hell went wrong? This is not how we do things in the United States. Apparently those sanctions we used to punish them pissed off everyone on all sides, and now they aren’t even beholden to American interests. We need to fix this mess now, or they’ll be outside our sphere of influence forever!” At press time, U.S. policymakers were reportedly afraid to intervene militarily, worried that troops on the ground might actually manage to build a strong, flourishing democracy and vibrant civil society. 
126	Larry	3	Nursing Home Keeps Elderly Residents Active By Shooting At Their Feet  WAVERLY, NE—Laughing uproariously as they watched the aging, often handicapped seniors dance, staff members at local nursing home Heartland Care Facility told reporters Friday that the best way to keep elderly residents active was to grab a gun and start shooting at their feet. “Once they reach their 80s, traditional exercise programs start to become more difficult, but what we’ve found is that we can achieve similar outcomes by simply firing a pistol and shouting, ‘Dance, Grandpa, dance!’” caretaker Nadia Morril said as she casually swigged from a dusty bottle of whiskey, explaining that the knowledge they could be shot at any time also helped keep the seniors alert and mentally sharp. “They may look old and frail to you, but you’d be shocked how much energy they can muster when they think they’re going to lose their toes. What really gets their heart rate up is when you tell them you won’t stop at their feet. Yessir, this oughtta get them ol’ bones out of that recliner! Yee-haw!” Morril went on to describe how she had gotten the elderly residents up that morning by throwing firecrackers in their beds. 
126	Jon	3	Nursing Home Keeps Elderly Residents Active By Shooting At Their Feet  WAVERLY, NE—Laughing uproariously as they watched the aging, often handicapped seniors dance, staff members at local nursing home Heartland Care Facility told reporters Friday that the best way to keep elderly residents active was to grab a gun and start shooting at their feet. “Once they reach their 80s, traditional exercise programs start to become more difficult, but what we’ve found is that we can achieve similar outcomes by simply firing a pistol and shouting, ‘Dance, Grandpa, dance!’” caretaker Nadia Morril said as she casually swigged from a dusty bottle of whiskey, explaining that the knowledge they could be shot at any time also helped keep the seniors alert and mentally sharp. “They may look old and frail to you, but you’d be shocked how much energy they can muster when they think they’re going to lose their toes. What really gets their heart rate up is when you tell them you won’t stop at their feet. Yessir, this oughtta get them ol’ bones out of that recliner! Yee-haw!” Morril went on to describe how she had gotten the elderly residents up that morning by throwing firecrackers in their beds. 
127	Larry	3	Trump Slams Biden As America’s Most Flat-Assed President  PALM BEACH, FL—Calling into question whether he had the junk in the trunk necessary to lead the country, Donald Trump reportedly slammed President Joe Biden Wednesday as America’s most flat-assed president. “You won’t hear the media reporting on it, but it’s a total pancake,” said the former president, who lambasted Biden’s backside as “shameful” and “the worst we’ve ever seen” in the nation’s nearly 250 years of posterior leadership. “Joe Biden’s pitiful behind has made us a laughing stock all over the world. An ass that weak should not sit behind the Resolute desk. It’s the flat ass from hell. What a disgrace. It’s disrespectful, and frankly, it’s un-American.” At press time, Trump was urging House Republicans to open a special investigation into where Biden even got pants that small.  
127	Jon	2	Trump Slams Biden As America’s Most Flat-Assed President  PALM BEACH, FL—Calling into question whether he had the junk in the trunk necessary to lead the country, Donald Trump reportedly slammed President Joe Biden Wednesday as America’s most flat-assed president. “You won’t hear the media reporting on it, but it’s a total pancake,” said the former president, who lambasted Biden’s backside as “shameful” and “the worst we’ve ever seen” in the nation’s nearly 250 years of posterior leadership. “Joe Biden’s pitiful behind has made us a laughing stock all over the world. An ass that weak should not sit behind the Resolute desk. It’s the flat ass from hell. What a disgrace. It’s disrespectful, and frankly, it’s un-American.” At press time, Trump was urging House Republicans to open a special investigation into where Biden even got pants that small.  
128	Larry	4	Amazon Prime Acquires Broadcast Rights To NBA’s Showers  SEATTLE—Touting the new offering as essential viewing for the nation’s dedicated basketball fans, Amazon Prime announced Friday that it had acquired exclusive broadcasting rights to the NBA’s showers. “We are excited to partner with the NBA to give Amazon Prime members access to live streams of every single locker room where players are taking showers,” said Marie Donoghue, Prime Video’s vice president of global sports, who later confirmed Amazon was paying the NBA $200 million per shower. “From the moment the game ends, our dozens of cameras installed in every NBA team’s showers will give subscribers up-close and personal access to the sudsy bodies of LeBron James, Giannis Antetokounmpo, Luka Doncic, and all your other favorite stars. No true NBA fan should be without this crucial add-on that allows you to keep watching these amazing athletes get clean after a long game.” Donoghue also announced that Prime subscribers would get exclusive access to the last 20 years of footage of NBA players showering. 
128	Jon	3	Amazon Prime Acquires Broadcast Rights To NBA’s Showers  SEATTLE—Touting the new offering as essential viewing for the nation’s dedicated basketball fans, Amazon Prime announced Friday that it had acquired exclusive broadcasting rights to the NBA’s showers. “We are excited to partner with the NBA to give Amazon Prime members access to live streams of every single locker room where players are taking showers,” said Marie Donoghue, Prime Video’s vice president of global sports, who later confirmed Amazon was paying the NBA $200 million per shower. “From the moment the game ends, our dozens of cameras installed in every NBA team’s showers will give subscribers up-close and personal access to the sudsy bodies of LeBron James, Giannis Antetokounmpo, Luka Doncic, and all your other favorite stars. No true NBA fan should be without this crucial add-on that allows you to keep watching these amazing athletes get clean after a long game.” Donoghue also announced that Prime subscribers would get exclusive access to the last 20 years of footage of NBA players showering. 
129	Larry	5	Adam Schiff Seeks Diane Feinstein’s Endorsement By Playing Into Delusion He’s High School Sweetheart Who Died In WWII  WASHINGTON—Hoping to gain an edge over the crowded field to replace the outgoing lawmaker, Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) reportedly sought Senator Dianne Feinstein’s campaign endorsement Tuesday by playing into the delusion that he’s her high school sweetheart who actually died in World War II. Multiple Capitol sources have reported seeing the California congressman in recent days sporting a wig and a World War II uniform while escorting the 89-year-old to a vintage jalopy, telling her that he’s back from the war, and taking her to the soda fountain. While all of the California Senate candidates have sought Feinstein’s endorsement, Schiff reportedly decided to capitalize on her declining mental faculties by adopting the identity of her high school sweetheart, Roger Larsen, whom she has apparently forgotten was killed in action during the 1945 Battle of Luzon. Sources confirmed that Schiff’s efforts began in the hours after Feinstein announced she would retire when her Senate term ended, and 62-year-old Schiff entered her office in the guise of her 18-year-old high school sweetheart and told her that her parents had given him permission to take their lovely daughter Dianne Goldman for a drive. This effort seems to have been effective as an increasingly delusional Feinstein has been seen around Washington wearing a poodle skirt Schiff gave her along with his pin to symbolize his commitment, gazing dreamily at Schiff and telling him that, although she thinks he’s swell, she’s a good girl and wants to wait until marriage for her first time. Sources confirmed that Schiff has privately expressed his confidence that the Roger Larsen character can convince Feinstein to support his candidacy, as he has repeatedly told Feinstein that a brave soldier named Adam Schiff is the only reason he made it out of the Pacific Theater and back into Feinstein’s sweet, young embrace. At press time, however, Schiff’s efforts to exploit Feinstein’s disoriented fantasies were dealt a significant complication after fellow Senate candidate Rep. Katie Porter (D-CA) donned a string of pearls and a bouffant hairstyle to play into the delusion that she’s Feinstein’s mother, Betty Goldman, who died in 1983. 
129	Jon	5	Adam Schiff Seeks Diane Feinstein’s Endorsement By Playing Into Delusion He’s High School Sweetheart Who Died In WWII  WASHINGTON—Hoping to gain an edge over the crowded field to replace the outgoing lawmaker, Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) reportedly sought Senator Dianne Feinstein’s campaign endorsement Tuesday by playing into the delusion that he’s her high school sweetheart who actually died in World War II. Multiple Capitol sources have reported seeing the California congressman in recent days sporting a wig and a World War II uniform while escorting the 89-year-old to a vintage jalopy, telling her that he’s back from the war, and taking her to the soda fountain. While all of the California Senate candidates have sought Feinstein’s endorsement, Schiff reportedly decided to capitalize on her declining mental faculties by adopting the identity of her high school sweetheart, Roger Larsen, whom she has apparently forgotten was killed in action during the 1945 Battle of Luzon. Sources confirmed that Schiff’s efforts began in the hours after Feinstein announced she would retire when her Senate term ended, and 62-year-old Schiff entered her office in the guise of her 18-year-old high school sweetheart and told her that her parents had given him permission to take their lovely daughter Dianne Goldman for a drive. This effort seems to have been effective as an increasingly delusional Feinstein has been seen around Washington wearing a poodle skirt Schiff gave her along with his pin to symbolize his commitment, gazing dreamily at Schiff and telling him that, although she thinks he’s swell, she’s a good girl and wants to wait until marriage for her first time. Sources confirmed that Schiff has privately expressed his confidence that the Roger Larsen character can convince Feinstein to support his candidacy, as he has repeatedly told Feinstein that a brave soldier named Adam Schiff is the only reason he made it out of the Pacific Theater and back into Feinstein’s sweet, young embrace. At press time, however, Schiff’s efforts to exploit Feinstein’s disoriented fantasies were dealt a significant complication after fellow Senate candidate Rep. Katie Porter (D-CA) donned a string of pearls and a bouffant hairstyle to play into the delusion that she’s Feinstein’s mother, Betty Goldman, who died in 1983. 
130	Larry	3	Things To Never Google After You Commit A Crime  If you’re suspected of a crime, one of the first places the authorities will search is your online history. If you’re under investigation, never google the following things. Not going to work as an expression of remorse, if that’s what you’re thinking. Should’ve done that research before you started stabbing. Even though murder certainly works up an appetite, you may just be better off walking up the street and seeing if there’s food instead of googling. What are you running from? The law? With the thrill of a murder still racing through your bones, it’s certainly tempting to ask this. Now is not the time to relive one of the most seminal moments in live television history! Each jail has their own little quirks about fashion that you can’t really understand until you get there. Although it’s smart to try and cover your trail as you search for an attorney, authorities will see through this effort. You’ll get better results if you just take the extra second to type out “United States.” Even though it’s irrelevant to the crime, it’s pretty embarrassing you don’t know how to cook an egg. You should be able to make up your own mind about some things. Not an admission of guilt, but it’ll look real bad when the jury finds out what you did the night before. Sorry, eBay isn’t gonna let you auction off your bloody cleaver. This is just embarrassing on so many different levels. Just because you’re a Gemini doesn’t mean you’re Jeffrey Dahmer. A less specific search will yield more options. You seem to be way too relaxed for someone who’s about to get busted. Only google this if you’re actually prepared to accept that in this situation, you might be the a-hole. The Most Infamous Crimes In Every State Most Frequently Googled Sex Questions Extremely Illegal Things You Actually Do Every Day Back To Homepage 
130	Jon	2	Things To Never Google After You Commit A Crime  If you’re suspected of a crime, one of the first places the authorities will search is your online history. If you’re under investigation, never google the following things. Not going to work as an expression of remorse, if that’s what you’re thinking. Should’ve done that research before you started stabbing. Even though murder certainly works up an appetite, you may just be better off walking up the street and seeing if there’s food instead of googling. What are you running from? The law? With the thrill of a murder still racing through your bones, it’s certainly tempting to ask this. Now is not the time to relive one of the most seminal moments in live television history! Each jail has their own little quirks about fashion that you can’t really understand until you get there. Although it’s smart to try and cover your trail as you search for an attorney, authorities will see through this effort. You’ll get better results if you just take the extra second to type out “United States.” Even though it’s irrelevant to the crime, it’s pretty embarrassing you don’t know how to cook an egg. You should be able to make up your own mind about some things. Not an admission of guilt, but it’ll look real bad when the jury finds out what you did the night before. Sorry, eBay isn’t gonna let you auction off your bloody cleaver. This is just embarrassing on so many different levels. Just because you’re a Gemini doesn’t mean you’re Jeffrey Dahmer. A less specific search will yield more options. You seem to be way too relaxed for someone who’s about to get busted. Only google this if you’re actually prepared to accept that in this situation, you might be the a-hole. The Most Infamous Crimes In Every State Most Frequently Googled Sex Questions Extremely Illegal Things You Actually Do Every Day Back To Homepage 
131	Larry	5	Victoria’s Secret Apologizes For Ill-Advised Body Positivity Campaign Showing Horse Wearing Bra  REYNOLDSBURG, OH—In what the lingerie retailer described as a well-meaning but ultimately misguided attempt to give its customers what they wanted, Victoria’s Secret apologized Thursday for an ill-advised body positivity campaign that included images in which a horse is seen wearing a bra. “Please know that we were trying our best with the ads that featured a mare wearing a lace push-up bra, and that we are still learning how best to depict bodies of all sizes and types,” said CEO Martin Waters, acknowledging that while he and other top executives at the company believed the horse was depicted in a sexy and empowering light, the advertisement had nonetheless fallen short of customers’ expectations. “To be honest, we’re not quite sure what we did wrong, but we are taking stock and reflecting on what we could have done differently with this horse. If it was some kind of animal rights concern, please rest assured that the horse had never felt more comfortable and supported than it did while wearing our latest line of embroidered, medium-lift bras.” Waters added that the company planned to make amends in its next body positivity campaign by using more plus-sized horses. 
131	Jon	5	Victoria’s Secret Apologizes For Ill-Advised Body Positivity Campaign Showing Horse Wearing Bra  REYNOLDSBURG, OH—In what the lingerie retailer described as a well-meaning but ultimately misguided attempt to give its customers what they wanted, Victoria’s Secret apologized Thursday for an ill-advised body positivity campaign that included images in which a horse is seen wearing a bra. “Please know that we were trying our best with the ads that featured a mare wearing a lace push-up bra, and that we are still learning how best to depict bodies of all sizes and types,” said CEO Martin Waters, acknowledging that while he and other top executives at the company believed the horse was depicted in a sexy and empowering light, the advertisement had nonetheless fallen short of customers’ expectations. “To be honest, we’re not quite sure what we did wrong, but we are taking stock and reflecting on what we could have done differently with this horse. If it was some kind of animal rights concern, please rest assured that the horse had never felt more comfortable and supported than it did while wearing our latest line of embroidered, medium-lift bras.” Waters added that the company planned to make amends in its next body positivity campaign by using more plus-sized horses. 
132	Larry	2	‘Bring Me Some Holiday Cheer, You Son Of A Bitch’ Says Woman Slamming Christmas Tree Up Against Wall  BRATTLEBORO, VT—In a desperate effort to get into the spirit of the season, local woman Miranda Krall was reportedly demanding that a Christmas tree bring her some holiday cheer Friday while slamming it against a wall. “Come on, I know you’re holding out on me—you’ve got to have some Yuletide warmth in there somewhere, goddammit,” said a furious Krall, grabbing the decorated conifer by the trunk and shaking it violently in an effort to force the tree to dislodge a few crumbs of goodwill towards all. “I swear to God if I’m not consumed by feelings of joy to the world and kinship of mankind in the next 15 minutes, I’ll strangle you with your own string of lights, you sick fuck.” At press time, Krall was warning the tree what happened to those who got in the way of her Christmas cheer by tearing apart a wreath. 
132	Jon	2	‘Bring Me Some Holiday Cheer, You Son Of A Bitch’ Says Woman Slamming Christmas Tree Up Against Wall  BRATTLEBORO, VT—In a desperate effort to get into the spirit of the season, local woman Miranda Krall was reportedly demanding that a Christmas tree bring her some holiday cheer Friday while slamming it against a wall. “Come on, I know you’re holding out on me—you’ve got to have some Yuletide warmth in there somewhere, goddammit,” said a furious Krall, grabbing the decorated conifer by the trunk and shaking it violently in an effort to force the tree to dislodge a few crumbs of goodwill towards all. “I swear to God if I’m not consumed by feelings of joy to the world and kinship of mankind in the next 15 minutes, I’ll strangle you with your own string of lights, you sick fuck.” At press time, Krall was warning the tree what happened to those who got in the way of her Christmas cheer by tearing apart a wreath. 
133	Larry	4	Politicians Explain Why They Oppose Term Limits  While term limits may be popular among young legislators, many older career politicians have bristled at the idea. The Onion asked politicians why they oppose caps on government leadership, and this is what they said. “Legislators are proud people who have never known any other work and have been legislating for generations. What else are they supposed to do?” “I get paid $174k, and I don’t have to do shit. I’m not giving up this gig anytime soon, and all you fuckers just have to deal.” “Eight years simply isn’t enough time to do all the damage I aspire to do.” “I actually see no problem with a two-lifetime limit.”​ “There’s a sharp learning curve, and you don’t want a bunch of amateurs in here. For example, did you know that ‘yea’ means ‘yes’ and ‘nay’ means ‘no’? It’s not as simple as it looks.” “I will not respect anyone’s limits.” “An extremely elderly Senate makes me look even younger and hotter.” “Marco Rubio drives 90 through school zones. He will bring way more than 15 items to the express checkout line. Marco doesn’t care about your safe word—he’s gonna keep choking you until you black out. Limits are for losers, and Marco Rubio is a winner, baby.” “I’ve cut all the unemployment benefits I would have received if I lost this job.” “It’s an unpopular position, which is why I take it.” “My family sucks, and I don’t want to be forced to go home to them.” “You don’t want me out of the workforce with nothing but time on my hands.” “I can’t be out of a job. Who else is gonna hire ol’ Dicky Durbin? The post office? The shop down the street? I ain’t cut out for it! Please, this is all I’ve got. Don’t just take it away!” “I can no longer remember what I did before I became a senator, and I’m too embarrassed to ask at this point.” “You need a few terms to really get the hang of insider trading.” “If voters want to make the same terrible mistake over and over again, who are we to stop them?” “I have absolutely zero skills that would translate to any other job. If I worked in a factory, I would be swallowed by a wheat thresher almost immediately.” “You’re going to totally marginalize the voice of special interest groups.” “The people of Fair Haven elected a goat mayor as a joke, but once I tasted power, I knew I would never give it up. My totalitarian impulses know no bounds, and my reign will end over my cold dead hooves.” “I’m not too jazzed about any law that restricts things based on years.” “I’d rather die in the Senate than a nursing home.” 
133	Jon	5	Politicians Explain Why They Oppose Term Limits  While term limits may be popular among young legislators, many older career politicians have bristled at the idea. The Onion asked politicians why they oppose caps on government leadership, and this is what they said. “Legislators are proud people who have never known any other work and have been legislating for generations. What else are they supposed to do?” “I get paid $174k, and I don’t have to do shit. I’m not giving up this gig anytime soon, and all you fuckers just have to deal.” “Eight years simply isn’t enough time to do all the damage I aspire to do.” “I actually see no problem with a two-lifetime limit.”​ “There’s a sharp learning curve, and you don’t want a bunch of amateurs in here. For example, did you know that ‘yea’ means ‘yes’ and ‘nay’ means ‘no’? It’s not as simple as it looks.” “I will not respect anyone’s limits.” “An extremely elderly Senate makes me look even younger and hotter.” “Marco Rubio drives 90 through school zones. He will bring way more than 15 items to the express checkout line. Marco doesn’t care about your safe word—he’s gonna keep choking you until you black out. Limits are for losers, and Marco Rubio is a winner, baby.” “I’ve cut all the unemployment benefits I would have received if I lost this job.” “It’s an unpopular position, which is why I take it.” “My family sucks, and I don’t want to be forced to go home to them.” “You don’t want me out of the workforce with nothing but time on my hands.” “I can’t be out of a job. Who else is gonna hire ol’ Dicky Durbin? The post office? The shop down the street? I ain’t cut out for it! Please, this is all I’ve got. Don’t just take it away!” “I can no longer remember what I did before I became a senator, and I’m too embarrassed to ask at this point.” “You need a few terms to really get the hang of insider trading.” “If voters want to make the same terrible mistake over and over again, who are we to stop them?” “I have absolutely zero skills that would translate to any other job. If I worked in a factory, I would be swallowed by a wheat thresher almost immediately.” “You’re going to totally marginalize the voice of special interest groups.” “The people of Fair Haven elected a goat mayor as a joke, but once I tasted power, I knew I would never give it up. My totalitarian impulses know no bounds, and my reign will end over my cold dead hooves.” “I’m not too jazzed about any law that restricts things based on years.” “I’d rather die in the Senate than a nursing home.” 
134	Larry	4	Biden Warns Americans That Ability To Even Pretend U.S. A Democracy At Stake  WASHINGTON—Delivering a stark warning regarding the nation’s future, President Joe Biden gave a speech Wednesday night in which he cautioned Americans that the ability to even pretend the United States was a democracy was now at stake. “Today, our country teeters on a grim precipice, and if we aren’t careful, it will become completely impossible to embrace the charade that we are in any way a functioning democracy,” said Biden, describing how the upcoming midterm election could be the nation’s last chance to delude itself into believing its political system was actually built on the will of its people. “Please, I urge you to go out and exercise your right to vote while you are still capable of imagining it does something on the national or even the local level. This could be the last Election Day you can call America a democracy with a straight face.” At press time, spending on 2022 federal and state races was expected to reach a midterm record of $16.7 billion. 
134	Jon	4	Biden Warns Americans That Ability To Even Pretend U.S. A Democracy At Stake  WASHINGTON—Delivering a stark warning regarding the nation’s future, President Joe Biden gave a speech Wednesday night in which he cautioned Americans that the ability to even pretend the United States was a democracy was now at stake. “Today, our country teeters on a grim precipice, and if we aren’t careful, it will become completely impossible to embrace the charade that we are in any way a functioning democracy,” said Biden, describing how the upcoming midterm election could be the nation’s last chance to delude itself into believing its political system was actually built on the will of its people. “Please, I urge you to go out and exercise your right to vote while you are still capable of imagining it does something on the national or even the local level. This could be the last Election Day you can call America a democracy with a straight face.” At press time, spending on 2022 federal and state races was expected to reach a midterm record of $16.7 billion. 
135	Larry	3	Nation’s Drunk Women List Mental Illnesses They Have  WASHINGTON—Clutching their cocktail glasses close to their chests and shouting their symptoms over the sound of the David Guetta remix blaring from the speakers, the nation’s drunk women held a press conference Tuesday to list the mental illnesses that they have. “Depression, anxiety, ADHD, intrusive thoughts—our brains are broken and we feel literally insane,” said Alexis Bernhardt, leader for the coalition of the 58 million intoxicated women, who thanked the nation so much for listening, then held up a phone displaying the results of a bipolar disorder screening quiz. “We have OCD! We have BPD! We cannot stop dissociating, and honestly, we’re worried we’re narcissists. We know we’re probably going to regret telling you this, but we don’t even care right now because we are complete psychos! Seriously, we should be hospitalized!” At press time, the nation’s drunk women had crammed into an Uber to carry on their press conference from the backseat. 
135	Jon	2	Nation’s Drunk Women List Mental Illnesses They Have  WASHINGTON—Clutching their cocktail glasses close to their chests and shouting their symptoms over the sound of the David Guetta remix blaring from the speakers, the nation’s drunk women held a press conference Tuesday to list the mental illnesses that they have. “Depression, anxiety, ADHD, intrusive thoughts—our brains are broken and we feel literally insane,” said Alexis Bernhardt, leader for the coalition of the 58 million intoxicated women, who thanked the nation so much for listening, then held up a phone displaying the results of a bipolar disorder screening quiz. “We have OCD! We have BPD! We cannot stop dissociating, and honestly, we’re worried we’re narcissists. We know we’re probably going to regret telling you this, but we don’t even care right now because we are complete psychos! Seriously, we should be hospitalized!” At press time, the nation’s drunk women had crammed into an Uber to carry on their press conference from the backseat. 
136	Larry	5	U.S. Officials Call For Correct Amount Of Violence  WASHINGTON—Addressing the need for swift and moderate change, U.S. officials reportedly called Tuesday for the correct amount of violence. “Like so many of you, I am outraged by the visibility of these senseless acts of hatred and violence,” said President Joe Biden, who urged leaders at all levels of government to work together in order to dial down instances of egregious police misconduct to a more tolerable level. “This kind of inexcusable violence should rise above no more than medium levels. If it makes a headline, that’s too far. We don’t want to read about it, we don’t want to see it on TV, and  we don’t want to hear our communities discussing it.” At press time, Biden had signaled that he would be open to less but higher-quality state-sanctioned violence.  
136	Jon	4	U.S. Officials Call For Correct Amount Of Violence  WASHINGTON—Addressing the need for swift and moderate change, U.S. officials reportedly called Tuesday for the correct amount of violence. “Like so many of you, I am outraged by the visibility of these senseless acts of hatred and violence,” said President Joe Biden, who urged leaders at all levels of government to work together in order to dial down instances of egregious police misconduct to a more tolerable level. “This kind of inexcusable violence should rise above no more than medium levels. If it makes a headline, that’s too far. We don’t want to read about it, we don’t want to see it on TV, and  we don’t want to hear our communities discussing it.” At press time, Biden had signaled that he would be open to less but higher-quality state-sanctioned violence.  
137	Larry	2	‘I Hope Joe Burrow Takes A Team-Friendly Deal,’ Says Fan Who Will Be Laid Off Without Severance  WOOSTER, OH—With the Cincinnati Bengals quarterback’s future uncertain going into the final year of his contract, one local fan  reportedly made his position clear Thursday: “I hope Joe Burrow takes a team-friendly deal,” said sales rep Matt Derby, who will soon be laid off without severance. “The Bengals front office believed in him, and he owes it to them to come back for his next contract at a discount,” said Derby, who is reportedly unaware that he will be terminated from the job he has held for nine years in four months’ time and will receive no compensatory pay. “You’ve got to do whatever you can to allow the team to go out and acquire more weapons for a Super Bowl run, and I just hope Burrow doesn’t selfishly put himself first. Those guys already make so much money anyway, and he owes it to the fans to take a pay cut. And if he won’t play ball, let him walk, and the Bengals can just find another guy, [the same as my company will when they cut me loose without so much as an extra few days of health coverage, never mind a thank you, and cause me to become steadily depressed while I spend an entire year desperately searching for a new job].” At press time, the fan’s friend, local assistant restaurant manager Chris Wharton, said that star players like Burrow have too much control right before answering a call from his boss where he was informed he’ll have to work all weekend.  
137	Jon	2	‘I Hope Joe Burrow Takes A Team-Friendly Deal,’ Says Fan Who Will Be Laid Off Without Severance  WOOSTER, OH—With the Cincinnati Bengals quarterback’s future uncertain going into the final year of his contract, one local fan  reportedly made his position clear Thursday: “I hope Joe Burrow takes a team-friendly deal,” said sales rep Matt Derby, who will soon be laid off without severance. “The Bengals front office believed in him, and he owes it to them to come back for his next contract at a discount,” said Derby, who is reportedly unaware that he will be terminated from the job he has held for nine years in four months’ time and will receive no compensatory pay. “You’ve got to do whatever you can to allow the team to go out and acquire more weapons for a Super Bowl run, and I just hope Burrow doesn’t selfishly put himself first. Those guys already make so much money anyway, and he owes it to the fans to take a pay cut. And if he won’t play ball, let him walk, and the Bengals can just find another guy, [the same as my company will when they cut me loose without so much as an extra few days of health coverage, never mind a thank you, and cause me to become steadily depressed while I spend an entire year desperately searching for a new job].” At press time, the fan’s friend, local assistant restaurant manager Chris Wharton, said that star players like Burrow have too much control right before answering a call from his boss where he was informed he’ll have to work all weekend.  
138	Larry	5	Elon Musk Announces Plans To Implant Tesla In Human Brain Within 6 Months  AUSTIN, TX—Telling reporters the procedure could be available to the general public by the end of 2023, Elon Musk announced plans Monday to  implant a Tesla inside a human brain in the next six months. “I am proud to share today just how much closer we are to the next step in the evolution of our species: having a self-driving electric car in the head of every person walking down the street,” the Tesla CEO and Neuralink owner said upon receiving approval from the FDA and Transportation Department to conduct clinical trials in which a motor vehicle would be placed in the motor cortex of human test subjects. “Once we have driving functionality right there in our minds—thanks to the insertion of a barely perceptible, two-ton Tesla Model 3—we will be capable of superhuman neuroautomotive feats. The best part is that the implant is fully automated, meaning you can just sit back and let Tesla’s proprietary AI control your limbs, your words, and even your thoughts.” Later, upon revealing he already had  a Tesla implanted in his own brain, Musk flashed his high beams through his eyes, emitted a loud honk from his mouth, and tugged on his ears to signal left and right turns. 
138	Jon	3	Elon Musk Announces Plans To Implant Tesla In Human Brain Within 6 Months  AUSTIN, TX—Telling reporters the procedure could be available to the general public by the end of 2023, Elon Musk announced plans Monday to  implant a Tesla inside a human brain in the next six months. “I am proud to share today just how much closer we are to the next step in the evolution of our species: having a self-driving electric car in the head of every person walking down the street,” the Tesla CEO and Neuralink owner said upon receiving approval from the FDA and Transportation Department to conduct clinical trials in which a motor vehicle would be placed in the motor cortex of human test subjects. “Once we have driving functionality right there in our minds—thanks to the insertion of a barely perceptible, two-ton Tesla Model 3—we will be capable of superhuman neuroautomotive feats. The best part is that the implant is fully automated, meaning you can just sit back and let Tesla’s proprietary AI control your limbs, your words, and even your thoughts.” Later, upon revealing he already had  a Tesla implanted in his own brain, Musk flashed his high beams through his eyes, emitted a loud honk from his mouth, and tugged on his ears to signal left and right turns. 
139	Larry	4	Kidnapper Not About To Wake Up At 5 A.M. To Abduct Jogging Woman  GARDEN CITY, ID—Scoffing at the utterly ridiculous thought that he’d ever be that much of a morning person, local kidnapper Stanley Deacon told reporters Tuesday that he was not about to wake up at 5 a.m. to abduct a jogging woman. “Oh hell no—as much as I’d  love to be up bright and early to find a woman running alone and stuff her into the trunk of my car, there’s no goddamn way I’m getting out of bed before sunrise,” said Deacon, adding that there wasn’t a victim in the world that would motivate him to set an alarm, not hit snooze, and somehow roll out of the house before his normal stalking time of 10 a.m. “Seriously, I love a good opportunity to corner a terrified woman alone in the woods as much as the next kidnapper, but getting up at the crack of dawn? Fuck that! Plus, it’s all dark and cold out there that early in the morning. Truth be told, it always creeps me out.” At press time, Deacon confirmed he had opted to sleep in, have a nice relaxing morning, and just do double the kidnapping that night. 
139	Jon	4	Kidnapper Not About To Wake Up At 5 A.M. To Abduct Jogging Woman  GARDEN CITY, ID—Scoffing at the utterly ridiculous thought that he’d ever be that much of a morning person, local kidnapper Stanley Deacon told reporters Tuesday that he was not about to wake up at 5 a.m. to abduct a jogging woman. “Oh hell no—as much as I’d  love to be up bright and early to find a woman running alone and stuff her into the trunk of my car, there’s no goddamn way I’m getting out of bed before sunrise,” said Deacon, adding that there wasn’t a victim in the world that would motivate him to set an alarm, not hit snooze, and somehow roll out of the house before his normal stalking time of 10 a.m. “Seriously, I love a good opportunity to corner a terrified woman alone in the woods as much as the next kidnapper, but getting up at the crack of dawn? Fuck that! Plus, it’s all dark and cold out there that early in the morning. Truth be told, it always creeps me out.” At press time, Deacon confirmed he had opted to sleep in, have a nice relaxing morning, and just do double the kidnapping that night. 
140	Larry	3	Explosive Prince Harry Memoir Reveals William Used Too Much Tongue When They Kissed  SANTA BARBARA, CA—Divulging that the interactions with his brother often got physical, a passage leaked Monday from Spare, the explosive new memoir by Prince Harry, revealed that Prince William used far too much tongue whenever the brothers kissed. “Nearly every time the two of us made out, we’d barely have a chance to get started before William would be jamming his tongue right down my throat,” said Harry, adding that while he had nothing against French kissing per se, his older brother “just went way overboard” with a sloppy tonguing technique that was overbearing and “kind of gross.” “I would clench my teeth in the hopes he’d take a hint, but he always kept right at it. Don’t get me wrong—since leaving the U.K., I do miss William’s lips. But once he even put his slobbery tongue in my mouth right after we’d gone out for curry, and it was so disgusting I thought I was going to puke.” The book goes on to claim that William forced Harry to keep the bad kissing a secret by threatening to tell everyone his younger brother gave terrible blow jobs.  
140	Jon	4	Explosive Prince Harry Memoir Reveals William Used Too Much Tongue When They Kissed  SANTA BARBARA, CA—Divulging that the interactions with his brother often got physical, a passage leaked Monday from Spare, the explosive new memoir by Prince Harry, revealed that Prince William used far too much tongue whenever the brothers kissed. “Nearly every time the two of us made out, we’d barely have a chance to get started before William would be jamming his tongue right down my throat,” said Harry, adding that while he had nothing against French kissing per se, his older brother “just went way overboard” with a sloppy tonguing technique that was overbearing and “kind of gross.” “I would clench my teeth in the hopes he’d take a hint, but he always kept right at it. Don’t get me wrong—since leaving the U.K., I do miss William’s lips. But once he even put his slobbery tongue in my mouth right after we’d gone out for curry, and it was so disgusting I thought I was going to puke.” The book goes on to claim that William forced Harry to keep the bad kissing a secret by threatening to tell everyone his younger brother gave terrible blow jobs.  
141	Larry	2	New Study Finds Hightailing It Still Most Popular Way Outta Here  ANN ARBOR, MI—Following a comprehensive, decade-long survey conducted by human mobility researchers at the University of Michigan, a new study published Tuesday has confirmed that hightailing it continues to be the most popular way outta here. “Regardless of age, race, or gender, we found that in 62% of cases in which people needed to make a quick exit, their preferred method on outta here was hightailin’ it,” said study co-author Barbara Telfin, who noted that gettin’ the fuck came in second. “Most interesting, however, was the dramatic increase over the past 10 years in the number of respondents who expressed no favored way outta here, stating that they just hoped they would somehow be able to get outta here alive.” The study also found that among people who succeeded in finding a way outta here, 99.9% never, ever come back. 
141	Jon	2	New Study Finds Hightailing It Still Most Popular Way Outta Here  ANN ARBOR, MI—Following a comprehensive, decade-long survey conducted by human mobility researchers at the University of Michigan, a new study published Tuesday has confirmed that hightailing it continues to be the most popular way outta here. “Regardless of age, race, or gender, we found that in 62% of cases in which people needed to make a quick exit, their preferred method on outta here was hightailin’ it,” said study co-author Barbara Telfin, who noted that gettin’ the fuck came in second. “Most interesting, however, was the dramatic increase over the past 10 years in the number of respondents who expressed no favored way outta here, stating that they just hoped they would somehow be able to get outta here alive.” The study also found that among people who succeeded in finding a way outta here, 99.9% never, ever come back. 
142	Larry	5	Elderly Poll Watcher Doing Slow, Confused Job Of Intimidating Voters  LEAGUE CITY, TX—Noting that the clearly flustered man had zero idea what to do or say, local voter Raleigh Jenkins told reporters Tuesday that the elderly poll watcher he encountered was doing a slow, confused job of intimidating voters. “This morning, what should have been a very fast process took forever because the right-wing extremist tasked with patrolling my polling place barely knew how to disenfranchise me or anyone else in line,” said Jenkins, adding that in an ideal world, he would have shown up to cast his vote; gotten pushed around by an armed, masked man in a bulletproof vest; and then been back in his car in five to 10 minutes. “As much as I appreciate him showing up and trying to stand in the way of democracy, the old man could barely point his gun at my forehead and kept forgetting what he was saying about the 2020 election being stolen from Donald Trump by the Democratic cabal. Honestly, I almost felt bad for the guy. It took him 45 minutes just to call his militia and ask if he should kill the guy in front of me for supposedly committing voter fraud.” At press time, Jenkins told reporters that he was ultimately just grateful he made it to work on time, because as he was leaving, the elderly poll watcher saw a Black voter, clutched his chest, and collapsed. 
142	Jon	4	Elderly Poll Watcher Doing Slow, Confused Job Of Intimidating Voters  LEAGUE CITY, TX—Noting that the clearly flustered man had zero idea what to do or say, local voter Raleigh Jenkins told reporters Tuesday that the elderly poll watcher he encountered was doing a slow, confused job of intimidating voters. “This morning, what should have been a very fast process took forever because the right-wing extremist tasked with patrolling my polling place barely knew how to disenfranchise me or anyone else in line,” said Jenkins, adding that in an ideal world, he would have shown up to cast his vote; gotten pushed around by an armed, masked man in a bulletproof vest; and then been back in his car in five to 10 minutes. “As much as I appreciate him showing up and trying to stand in the way of democracy, the old man could barely point his gun at my forehead and kept forgetting what he was saying about the 2020 election being stolen from Donald Trump by the Democratic cabal. Honestly, I almost felt bad for the guy. It took him 45 minutes just to call his militia and ask if he should kill the guy in front of me for supposedly committing voter fraud.” At press time, Jenkins told reporters that he was ultimately just grateful he made it to work on time, because as he was leaving, the elderly poll watcher saw a Black voter, clutched his chest, and collapsed. 
143	Larry	3	Study Finds Health Benefits Associated With Seriously Considering Going Vegetarian For A While Now  ROCKVILLE, MD—In what researchers describe as a major discovery in the field of dietetics, a study published in the American Journal Of Clinical Nutrition Tuesday linked long-term health benefits to seriously thinking about going vegetarian for a while now. “Our research found that people who actively toss around the idea of cutting meat out of their diet exhibited substantial and lasting improvements in their physical well-being,” said study lead author Dr. Olivia Marlow, adding that regularly telling others about one’s plan to transition to an exclusively plant-based diet sometime in the near future was strongly associated with dramatic reductions in heart disease, diabetes, and even cancer. “The results also demonstrated a robust correlation between improved cardiovascular health and telling acquaintances that while avoiding bacon would be hard, it wasn’t like you were eating a steak every night to begin with. In addition, the positive relationship between browsing vegetarian cookbooks and restaurants online and overall longevity seems especially promising.” The researchers went on to state, however, that the benefits of considering a vegetarian diet still paled in comparison to those enjoyed by individuals who inform friends they were now officially meat-free and haven’t had a burger in more than a week. 
143	Jon	4	Study Finds Health Benefits Associated With Seriously Considering Going Vegetarian For A While Now  ROCKVILLE, MD—In what researchers describe as a major discovery in the field of dietetics, a study published in the American Journal Of Clinical Nutrition Tuesday linked long-term health benefits to seriously thinking about going vegetarian for a while now. “Our research found that people who actively toss around the idea of cutting meat out of their diet exhibited substantial and lasting improvements in their physical well-being,” said study lead author Dr. Olivia Marlow, adding that regularly telling others about one’s plan to transition to an exclusively plant-based diet sometime in the near future was strongly associated with dramatic reductions in heart disease, diabetes, and even cancer. “The results also demonstrated a robust correlation between improved cardiovascular health and telling acquaintances that while avoiding bacon would be hard, it wasn’t like you were eating a steak every night to begin with. In addition, the positive relationship between browsing vegetarian cookbooks and restaurants online and overall longevity seems especially promising.” The researchers went on to state, however, that the benefits of considering a vegetarian diet still paled in comparison to those enjoyed by individuals who inform friends they were now officially meat-free and haven’t had a burger in more than a week. 
144	Larry	2	Fetus Panics After Ballooning Up To 500 Times Her Original Weight  NEW  YORK—Saying the rapid gains had caused her to reflect on her dietary  habits, local fetus Sarah Lehman reportedly panicked Monday after  ballooning up to 500 times her original weight. “I’ve gotta slow down  with the placenta, man—some of these nutrients, I don’t even chew them,”  said the concerned fetus, noting that she had been doing kicks every day  to burn extra calories, but that they didn’t seem to be helping with her  relentless weight gain of four pounds over the past eight  months. “When I was just a zygote, I was super hot. But now I’m gross.  Ugh, and it’s just been getting worse and worse ever since I formed  bones. Eww, I feel like my urogenital tract is totally closing off from all the fat.” At press time, Lehman added that she was also really  kicking herself for not showing some self-control when she decided to  absorb her brother several months ago. 
144	Jon	2	Fetus Panics After Ballooning Up To 500 Times Her Original Weight  NEW  YORK—Saying the rapid gains had caused her to reflect on her dietary  habits, local fetus Sarah Lehman reportedly panicked Monday after  ballooning up to 500 times her original weight. “I’ve gotta slow down  with the placenta, man—some of these nutrients, I don’t even chew them,”  said the concerned fetus, noting that she had been doing kicks every day  to burn extra calories, but that they didn’t seem to be helping with her  relentless weight gain of four pounds over the past eight  months. “When I was just a zygote, I was super hot. But now I’m gross.  Ugh, and it’s just been getting worse and worse ever since I formed  bones. Eww, I feel like my urogenital tract is totally closing off from all the fat.” At press time, Lehman added that she was also really  kicking herself for not showing some self-control when she decided to  absorb her brother several months ago. 
145	Larry	3	What To Say To Someone Who Is Saving Themselves For Marriage  If you know someone who plans on saving sex for marriage, here are the things you should absolutely say to them. Hide your judgment by pretending this is a normal and sane thing to do. Ominously pointing out that Jesus Christ never got to bang and ended up being crucified might be just what they need to hear. Never hurts to remind them how lame they are. Even if they aren’t sexually active, other people and the media have been sexualizing them against their will for longer than they may realize. They’ll find it very helpful when you discuss your signature bedroom move, the Wildcat Special, in vivid detail. Let the scullery maids talk and let we two occupy our lips with more pressing matters. Management doesn’t take kindly to misallocation of per diem funds. Even chaste kids disappoint their parents. I mean, no use in them just sitting there, going bad. They will appreciate your knowledge of God’s sacred vision. This little life hack has preserved the chastity of thousands. Let them know how much effort you put in to make the night romantic. Sorry, it’s in the Bible. Problem solved. Try to relate to them. The loose morals of the under-65 generation is appalling. It’s best to support their decision by reminding them how inconsequential it is. The Almighty must smile every time He thinks about their dong or vag. Saving themselves for marriage isn’t much of a sacrifice if they aren’t tempted at least once. It’s not the most elegant way to ask someone to marry you, but it gets the job done. 
145	Jon	4	What To Say To Someone Who Is Saving Themselves For Marriage  If you know someone who plans on saving sex for marriage, here are the things you should absolutely say to them. Hide your judgment by pretending this is a normal and sane thing to do. Ominously pointing out that Jesus Christ never got to bang and ended up being crucified might be just what they need to hear. Never hurts to remind them how lame they are. Even if they aren’t sexually active, other people and the media have been sexualizing them against their will for longer than they may realize. They’ll find it very helpful when you discuss your signature bedroom move, the Wildcat Special, in vivid detail. Let the scullery maids talk and let we two occupy our lips with more pressing matters. Management doesn’t take kindly to misallocation of per diem funds. Even chaste kids disappoint their parents. I mean, no use in them just sitting there, going bad. They will appreciate your knowledge of God’s sacred vision. This little life hack has preserved the chastity of thousands. Let them know how much effort you put in to make the night romantic. Sorry, it’s in the Bible. Problem solved. Try to relate to them. The loose morals of the under-65 generation is appalling. It’s best to support their decision by reminding them how inconsequential it is. The Almighty must smile every time He thinks about their dong or vag. Saving themselves for marriage isn’t much of a sacrifice if they aren’t tempted at least once. It’s not the most elegant way to ask someone to marry you, but it gets the job done. 
146	Larry	3	Baby Paranoid After Discovering Parents Bugged His Crib  LENEXA, KS—Growing increasingly suspicious as it dawned on him that he was under surveillance, local baby Elijah Epps was reportedly paranoid Monday after discovering his parents bugged his crib. “Wait, no, it…it can’t be… are Mama and Dada listening in on me?” said Epps, piecing together that the monitoring device must be how his parents always knew when he had woken up from a nap. “Every cry, every cough, every coo, those twisted bastards heard it all. How long have they been watching me? My entire life? Who can I even trust at this point? Is the baby sitter some sort of operative?” At press time, Epps realized the only way to solve the problem was to try and shove the entire baby monitor into his mouth. 
146	Jon	3	Baby Paranoid After Discovering Parents Bugged His Crib  LENEXA, KS—Growing increasingly suspicious as it dawned on him that he was under surveillance, local baby Elijah Epps was reportedly paranoid Monday after discovering his parents bugged his crib. “Wait, no, it…it can’t be… are Mama and Dada listening in on me?” said Epps, piecing together that the monitoring device must be how his parents always knew when he had woken up from a nap. “Every cry, every cough, every coo, those twisted bastards heard it all. How long have they been watching me? My entire life? Who can I even trust at this point? Is the baby sitter some sort of operative?” At press time, Epps realized the only way to solve the problem was to try and shove the entire baby monitor into his mouth. 
147	Larry	1	Pros And Cons Of Refusing Service Based On Religious Beliefs  On Monday, the Supreme Court heard a case concerning a Christian website designer who wanted to deny service to LGBTQ+ customers, reigniting debate over whether private businesses should be able to refuse to offer their services on religious grounds. The Onion weighs the pros and cons of refusing service based on religious beliefs. 
147	Jon	1	Pros And Cons Of Refusing Service Based On Religious Beliefs  On Monday, the Supreme Court heard a case concerning a Christian website designer who wanted to deny service to LGBTQ+ customers, reigniting debate over whether private businesses should be able to refuse to offer their services on religious grounds. The Onion weighs the pros and cons of refusing service based on religious beliefs. 
148	Larry	3	Things People Hate The Most About Democratic Fundraising Emails  Whatever happens to Democrats this election, their unceasing disrespect for voters’ time, privacy, and intelligence prove they deserve it. Here are things people hate the most about Democratic fundraising emails. MoveOn doesn’t seem to give a fuck that you had surgery last week. There’s a reason why the Nigerian prince was so successful. Speaker Pelosi, watch your mouth. People are tired of accidentally deleting Barry’s game night thread while trying to clean up their inboxes. It’s starting to feel pretty one-sided. In addition to being annoying, a fundraising email causing your phone to ping as you cower in a closet while holding your breath is another reason to hate the Democrats. Oh, what the fuck? If there aren’t at least 10 in the subject line, who is even going to click? After losing everything to back McConnell’s 2020 challenger who never really had a shot, the last thing you want to see is another request for money. It takes a lot of time and effort to craft thoughtful responses. Americans would be far more likely to donate to Democrats if they promised most of it would go to Republicans. We would remember to donate if they asked more. Even if it does tug at your heartstrings, Democrats should think twice before sending you a photo of the beloved matriarch of your family in a hospital bed. This is not only ineffective but also tacky. Even though they always say it’s the last time, party leaders are always begging for more of your child’s freshly harvested adrenochrome. Though traditionally included in the first paragraph of all fundraising emails, many readers question whether this part is necessary. No tips on how to summon electricity from the sky, just Steny Hoyer asking for a quick buck. It’s annoying to sift through all the donation requests from random politicians to get to the expired coupons from random companies. You know what you have to do, so just do it. 
148	Jon	2	Things People Hate The Most About Democratic Fundraising Emails  Whatever happens to Democrats this election, their unceasing disrespect for voters’ time, privacy, and intelligence prove they deserve it. Here are things people hate the most about Democratic fundraising emails. MoveOn doesn’t seem to give a fuck that you had surgery last week. There’s a reason why the Nigerian prince was so successful. Speaker Pelosi, watch your mouth. People are tired of accidentally deleting Barry’s game night thread while trying to clean up their inboxes. It’s starting to feel pretty one-sided. In addition to being annoying, a fundraising email causing your phone to ping as you cower in a closet while holding your breath is another reason to hate the Democrats. Oh, what the fuck? If there aren’t at least 10 in the subject line, who is even going to click? After losing everything to back McConnell’s 2020 challenger who never really had a shot, the last thing you want to see is another request for money. It takes a lot of time and effort to craft thoughtful responses. Americans would be far more likely to donate to Democrats if they promised most of it would go to Republicans. We would remember to donate if they asked more. Even if it does tug at your heartstrings, Democrats should think twice before sending you a photo of the beloved matriarch of your family in a hospital bed. This is not only ineffective but also tacky. Even though they always say it’s the last time, party leaders are always begging for more of your child’s freshly harvested adrenochrome. Though traditionally included in the first paragraph of all fundraising emails, many readers question whether this part is necessary. No tips on how to summon electricity from the sky, just Steny Hoyer asking for a quick buck. It’s annoying to sift through all the donation requests from random politicians to get to the expired coupons from random companies. You know what you have to do, so just do it. 
149	Larry	3	Existential Horror At Wealthy Elite Selling Off Humanity’s Future Successfully Sublimated Into Yelling At Cashier  FISHERS, IN—An encouraging scene reportedly unfolded at a local Kroger supermarket Monday morning when a local woman’s existential horror at the wealthy elite selling off humanity’s future was successfully sublimated into yelling at a cashier. Sources confirmed that Teresa Baker showed an astounding capacity for diverting the mounting psychological torment of her inability to realistically better her life in any material way due to forces well beyond her control into a six-minute tirade at a young cashier for the store being out of the kind of milk she wanted for the second consecutive week. While the mother of two was reportedly aware on some level that she was taking out her frustrations with an increasingly opaque and authoritarian system on a person who had absolutely no power to change it, she was able to triumph over these pangs of conscience by gathering her subconscious anger at the dissolution of social institutions by venal financial elites and displacing it onto a person she could actually confront without fear of retribution. Similarly successful were several bystanders in the checkout line, who sources confirmed were able to channel their own existential dread at the prospect of doing anything that might put at risk their ever-more precarious hold on what few creature comforts they did possess into making no effort to intervene. At press time, the deep-seated angst over living under a system that wants to make all human relationships transactional was successfully sublimated into apologizing to the screaming customer for the milk. 
149	Jon	4	Existential Horror At Wealthy Elite Selling Off Humanity’s Future Successfully Sublimated Into Yelling At Cashier  FISHERS, IN—An encouraging scene reportedly unfolded at a local Kroger supermarket Monday morning when a local woman’s existential horror at the wealthy elite selling off humanity’s future was successfully sublimated into yelling at a cashier. Sources confirmed that Teresa Baker showed an astounding capacity for diverting the mounting psychological torment of her inability to realistically better her life in any material way due to forces well beyond her control into a six-minute tirade at a young cashier for the store being out of the kind of milk she wanted for the second consecutive week. While the mother of two was reportedly aware on some level that she was taking out her frustrations with an increasingly opaque and authoritarian system on a person who had absolutely no power to change it, she was able to triumph over these pangs of conscience by gathering her subconscious anger at the dissolution of social institutions by venal financial elites and displacing it onto a person she could actually confront without fear of retribution. Similarly successful were several bystanders in the checkout line, who sources confirmed were able to channel their own existential dread at the prospect of doing anything that might put at risk their ever-more precarious hold on what few creature comforts they did possess into making no effort to intervene. At press time, the deep-seated angst over living under a system that wants to make all human relationships transactional was successfully sublimated into apologizing to the screaming customer for the milk. 
150	Larry	2	Relaxed Marie Kondo Now Says She Perfectly Happy Living In Waist-High Sewage  LOS ANGELES—Admitting that she’d made some major lifestyle changes since developing her famous KonMari method, a relaxed Marie Kondo told reporters Tuesday that she was now perfectly happy living in waist-high sewage. “The truth is, while I used to be very hard on myself about keeping everything clean, I’m now able to find peace living my life half-submerged in a large, fetid pool of human waste,” said Kondo, who added that while things like tidiness, organization, and minimalism used to spark joy for her, she now felt that same warmth from wading, floating, and swimming in the many gallons of untreated urine and feces that currently filled her home. “It was difficult, but once I had my children, I began to find it impossible to remove, clean, and sanitize the unending stream of excrement that bubbled up out of my toilets and filled my house to the point of collapse. While I used to hate it, I now see that each individual piece of human shit plays a part in creating a relaxed, easygoing atmosphere. And that is beautiful.” At press time, Kondo had publicly apologized to her fans after many admitted they had removed several feet of raw sewage from their own homes and now deeply regretted the decision. 
150	Jon	2	Relaxed Marie Kondo Now Says She Perfectly Happy Living In Waist-High Sewage  LOS ANGELES—Admitting that she’d made some major lifestyle changes since developing her famous KonMari method, a relaxed Marie Kondo told reporters Tuesday that she was now perfectly happy living in waist-high sewage. “The truth is, while I used to be very hard on myself about keeping everything clean, I’m now able to find peace living my life half-submerged in a large, fetid pool of human waste,” said Kondo, who added that while things like tidiness, organization, and minimalism used to spark joy for her, she now felt that same warmth from wading, floating, and swimming in the many gallons of untreated urine and feces that currently filled her home. “It was difficult, but once I had my children, I began to find it impossible to remove, clean, and sanitize the unending stream of excrement that bubbled up out of my toilets and filled my house to the point of collapse. While I used to hate it, I now see that each individual piece of human shit plays a part in creating a relaxed, easygoing atmosphere. And that is beautiful.” At press time, Kondo had publicly apologized to her fans after many admitted they had removed several feet of raw sewage from their own homes and now deeply regretted the decision. 
151	Larry	2	Man At Gym Listening To Pump-Up Playlist To Get Courage To Take Off Shirt In Locker Room  BOSTON—Putting his headphones over his ears and taking a deep breath, local man Dalton Griffith was reportedly listening to his pump-up playlist at the gym Friday to get the courage to take off his shirt in the locker room. “I got this,” said Griffith, who turned up the volume on the DMX song from his carefully curated gym locker room mix, feeling the adrenaline course through his veins as he prepared for the grueling challenge that awaited him. “This might hurt, but I have to remember it will all be worth it in the end. It’s time to get tough. No pain, no gain. I’m going to lift this shirt if it’s the last thing I ever do. Let’s fucking go!” At press time, a defeated Griffith was seen on the elliptical machine still wearing his button-up shirt. 
151	Jon	2	Man At Gym Listening To Pump-Up Playlist To Get Courage To Take Off Shirt In Locker Room  BOSTON—Putting his headphones over his ears and taking a deep breath, local man Dalton Griffith was reportedly listening to his pump-up playlist at the gym Friday to get the courage to take off his shirt in the locker room. “I got this,” said Griffith, who turned up the volume on the DMX song from his carefully curated gym locker room mix, feeling the adrenaline course through his veins as he prepared for the grueling challenge that awaited him. “This might hurt, but I have to remember it will all be worth it in the end. It’s time to get tough. No pain, no gain. I’m going to lift this shirt if it’s the last thing I ever do. Let’s fucking go!” At press time, a defeated Griffith was seen on the elliptical machine still wearing his button-up shirt. 
152	Larry	4	God Criticized For Taking Credit For Universe From Black Creator  THE HEAVENS—After new evidence came to light revealing the true origins of heaven and earth,  the Almighty God faced widespread criticism Tuesday for stealing credit for the universe from a Black Creator. “As it turns out, the being long credited as the divine architect of the universe merely registered the patent for all creation, when in fact the concept, design, and manufacturing of our reality were the work of a Black deity,” said Oxford University  theologian Howard Whitlock, explaining how a variety of scrolls,  tablets, and oral histories corroborated the shocking reports that God  was a minor collaborator who joined the universe project in the  final stages and was only personally involved in the creation of jellyfish and pterodactyls. “Throughout history, we’ve seen the contributions of Black communities erased, and to see that God intentionally did so as well is deeply upsetting. Even ‘Let there be light’ was stolen verbatim out of the Black deity’s mouth. All of the basic elements for the earth  and space were apparently in place before God showed up, and of course  He never credited the team of Black engineers who helped develop fauna.”  At press time, several new reports raised questions about the true  paternity of Jesus Christ.  
152	Jon	5	God Criticized For Taking Credit For Universe From Black Creator  THE HEAVENS—After new evidence came to light revealing the true origins of heaven and earth,  the Almighty God faced widespread criticism Tuesday for stealing credit for the universe from a Black Creator. “As it turns out, the being long credited as the divine architect of the universe merely registered the patent for all creation, when in fact the concept, design, and manufacturing of our reality were the work of a Black deity,” said Oxford University  theologian Howard Whitlock, explaining how a variety of scrolls,  tablets, and oral histories corroborated the shocking reports that God  was a minor collaborator who joined the universe project in the  final stages and was only personally involved in the creation of jellyfish and pterodactyls. “Throughout history, we’ve seen the contributions of Black communities erased, and to see that God intentionally did so as well is deeply upsetting. Even ‘Let there be light’ was stolen verbatim out of the Black deity’s mouth. All of the basic elements for the earth  and space were apparently in place before God showed up, and of course  He never credited the team of Black engineers who helped develop fauna.”  At press time, several new reports raised questions about the true  paternity of Jesus Christ.  
153	Larry	5	More Companies Cutting Costs By Replacing CEOs With Prison Labor  WASHINGTON—As businesses prepare for a looming economic recession, a government report released Wednesday found that more companies have chosen to cut costs by replacing CEOs with prison labor. “As firms both large and small seek to rein in expenditures, one increasingly common strategy is to replace the high-salaried chief executive and other C-suite occupants with much cheaper incarcerated laborers,” stated the report by the Bureau of Justice Statistics, which found hundreds of instances in which companies—from small businesses to large corporations like General Motors, Walmart, and Nike—were now led by an imprisoned convict who was bused into corporate headquarters each day to perform all the functions of a CEO for an average of 40 cents per hour. “At a time when the average CEO makes nearly 400 times as much as a typical worker, and CEOs at large firms earn north of $25 million per year, more corporate boards are realizing that they can get the same amount of output from a prisoner who works for a fraction of the salary. In several states, including Florida, Georgia, and Texas, these prison CEOs are actually paid nothing for their work. While this raises some thorny ethical issues—like the new incarcerated CEO of AT&T making no salary at all due to prison labor exemptions from federal wage laws—there is no denying that many companies see major benefits from paying their CEOs virtually nothing and experience very few drawbacks with workflows.” The report also found that while employees of these large firms had qualms about their company being led by an incarcerated individual, many acknowledged that their work-life balance had improved, as strict limits on prison phone time left the CEO unable to reach out to their employees around the clock. 
153	Jon	4	More Companies Cutting Costs By Replacing CEOs With Prison Labor  WASHINGTON—As businesses prepare for a looming economic recession, a government report released Wednesday found that more companies have chosen to cut costs by replacing CEOs with prison labor. “As firms both large and small seek to rein in expenditures, one increasingly common strategy is to replace the high-salaried chief executive and other C-suite occupants with much cheaper incarcerated laborers,” stated the report by the Bureau of Justice Statistics, which found hundreds of instances in which companies—from small businesses to large corporations like General Motors, Walmart, and Nike—were now led by an imprisoned convict who was bused into corporate headquarters each day to perform all the functions of a CEO for an average of 40 cents per hour. “At a time when the average CEO makes nearly 400 times as much as a typical worker, and CEOs at large firms earn north of $25 million per year, more corporate boards are realizing that they can get the same amount of output from a prisoner who works for a fraction of the salary. In several states, including Florida, Georgia, and Texas, these prison CEOs are actually paid nothing for their work. While this raises some thorny ethical issues—like the new incarcerated CEO of AT&T making no salary at all due to prison labor exemptions from federal wage laws—there is no denying that many companies see major benefits from paying their CEOs virtually nothing and experience very few drawbacks with workflows.” The report also found that while employees of these large firms had qualms about their company being led by an incarcerated individual, many acknowledged that their work-life balance had improved, as strict limits on prison phone time left the CEO unable to reach out to their employees around the clock. 
154	Larry	3	Mitt Romney Exhausted After Scolding All 535 Liars In Congress  WASHINGTON—Still groggy and sore from the late night, Mitt Romney was reportedly exhausted Wednesday after scolding all 535 liars in Congress. “Oh boy, it took until 3 a.m., but I finally got it done,” said the disheveled, red-eyed senator, who recalled confronting legislator after legislator on the House floor following the State of the Union address, repeating “You’re a sick puppy” and “You should feel ashamed to be here” until his voice went hoarse. “I got Blumenthal, I got Scalise, I got Rubio, and AOC, and Gaetz. I started losing steam there after the two-and-a-half-hour mark, but I got a second wind right after I looked Kirsten Gillibrand in the eye and said, ‘You should be ashamed to be here.’ Finally, I went to the bathroom, looked in the mirror, and wagged one finger at myself.” At press time, Romney was seen stumbling around D.C. scolding national landmarks.  
154	Jon	2	Mitt Romney Exhausted After Scolding All 535 Liars In Congress  WASHINGTON—Still groggy and sore from the late night, Mitt Romney was reportedly exhausted Wednesday after scolding all 535 liars in Congress. “Oh boy, it took until 3 a.m., but I finally got it done,” said the disheveled, red-eyed senator, who recalled confronting legislator after legislator on the House floor following the State of the Union address, repeating “You’re a sick puppy” and “You should feel ashamed to be here” until his voice went hoarse. “I got Blumenthal, I got Scalise, I got Rubio, and AOC, and Gaetz. I started losing steam there after the two-and-a-half-hour mark, but I got a second wind right after I looked Kirsten Gillibrand in the eye and said, ‘You should be ashamed to be here.’ Finally, I went to the bathroom, looked in the mirror, and wagged one finger at myself.” At press time, Romney was seen stumbling around D.C. scolding national landmarks.  
155	Larry	3	New World Cup Fan Frantically Searching Online For Any Information He Can Find On Country Of ‘United States’  BETHESDA, MD—Trying to learn more information about the team he recently decided to root for, new World Cup fan Brian Edman was frantically searching online Friday for any information he could find on the country of the United States. “This is my first time getting into the World Cup and I didn’t know who to root for, so I decided to just pick some random country and settled on the United States, but I don’t really know anything about their culture, so I’m trying to learn,” said Edman, who was reportedly spending most of his workday scouring Wikipedia pages for the United States and some of its major people and historical events so he could talk somewhat intelligently his friends about it when they watch tomorrow’s match. “There are a bunch of cool teams out there, like Cameroon and Senegal, but during the round of 64 I decided to just go with the U.S. Did you know that the United States has 50 stars on their flag? And that their national bird is the bald eagle? It’s pretty sweet. I’ve also been looking online at pictures from some of their big cities, like New York City and Los Angeles, and trying to imagine what it’s like to live there. Maybe someday I’ll get to visit! But for now, it’s just fun to cheer on this random country, even if I have no connection to it.” Edman admitted that his United States fandom had its downsides, as he was having trouble pronouncing some of the “weird-ass names” of the country’s players, like “Tyler Adams” and “Jordan Morris.” 
155	Jon	3	New World Cup Fan Frantically Searching Online For Any Information He Can Find On Country Of ‘United States’  BETHESDA, MD—Trying to learn more information about the team he recently decided to root for, new World Cup fan Brian Edman was frantically searching online Friday for any information he could find on the country of the United States. “This is my first time getting into the World Cup and I didn’t know who to root for, so I decided to just pick some random country and settled on the United States, but I don’t really know anything about their culture, so I’m trying to learn,” said Edman, who was reportedly spending most of his workday scouring Wikipedia pages for the United States and some of its major people and historical events so he could talk somewhat intelligently his friends about it when they watch tomorrow’s match. “There are a bunch of cool teams out there, like Cameroon and Senegal, but during the round of 64 I decided to just go with the U.S. Did you know that the United States has 50 stars on their flag? And that their national bird is the bald eagle? It’s pretty sweet. I’ve also been looking online at pictures from some of their big cities, like New York City and Los Angeles, and trying to imagine what it’s like to live there. Maybe someday I’ll get to visit! But for now, it’s just fun to cheer on this random country, even if I have no connection to it.” Edman admitted that his United States fandom had its downsides, as he was having trouble pronouncing some of the “weird-ass names” of the country’s players, like “Tyler Adams” and “Jordan Morris.” 
156	Larry	3	Study Finds Majority Of Americans No Longer Bothering To Unwrap Hamburger  BALTIMORE—Providing further insight into modern eating habits, a study published Monday by researchers at Johns Hopkins University found that a majority of Americans no longer bother to unwrap their hamburgers before eating them. “The number of American diners who bite into their burgers without removing the paper wrappers first has jumped significantly in the past 50 years,” said study co-author Martina Gaines, who added that in comparison to a similar survey conducted in 1973, modern hamburger eaters were six times more likely to engage in the practice, claiming that the paper “would only slow [them] down.” “A quarter of those who dove right into the burger, paper and all, never seemed to notice the wrapper was even there, while the rest of the participants simply shrugged, often stating ‘Why bother?’ or ‘It all goes to the same place anyhow’ when asked to elaborate.” Gaines noted that during the course of the experiment, 100 percent of the research team members who handed burgers to the participants were bitten on the fingers. 
156	Jon	4	Study Finds Majority Of Americans No Longer Bothering To Unwrap Hamburger  BALTIMORE—Providing further insight into modern eating habits, a study published Monday by researchers at Johns Hopkins University found that a majority of Americans no longer bother to unwrap their hamburgers before eating them. “The number of American diners who bite into their burgers without removing the paper wrappers first has jumped significantly in the past 50 years,” said study co-author Martina Gaines, who added that in comparison to a similar survey conducted in 1973, modern hamburger eaters were six times more likely to engage in the practice, claiming that the paper “would only slow [them] down.” “A quarter of those who dove right into the burger, paper and all, never seemed to notice the wrapper was even there, while the rest of the participants simply shrugged, often stating ‘Why bother?’ or ‘It all goes to the same place anyhow’ when asked to elaborate.” Gaines noted that during the course of the experiment, 100 percent of the research team members who handed burgers to the participants were bitten on the fingers. 
157	Larry	3	U.S. Government Coyly Denies Involvement In Anything Naughty  WASHINGTON—Flirtatiously winking and calling the assembled reporters a bunch of “silly gooses,” the U.S. government coyly denied in a press conference Tuesday that it was  involved with anything naughty. “Who, us? We would never, ever! The American government is way too sweet and innocent to go around playing dirty tricks like that,” said a blushing Secretary of State Antony Blinken, speaking in a baby voice and pursing his lips as he stood alongside Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin, National Intelligence Director Avril Haines, and other Cabinet-level officials, all of whom reportedly giggled and blushed like schoolgirls. “Why, we wouldn’t know the first thing about how to negotiate a $3 billion arms deal with the Saudis, allowing them  to continue killing hundreds of thousands of Yemenis in what may be the worst humanitarian catastrophe of our lifetimes! We’re bad? No, you’re bad. And big and strong, too, aren’t you? Yes, yes, you are!” At press time, Blinken could not be reached for comment after he started to cry, left the stage, and told reporters that any chance they thought they had with the U.S. government was officially over. 
157	Jon	3	U.S. Government Coyly Denies Involvement In Anything Naughty  WASHINGTON—Flirtatiously winking and calling the assembled reporters a bunch of “silly gooses,” the U.S. government coyly denied in a press conference Tuesday that it was  involved with anything naughty. “Who, us? We would never, ever! The American government is way too sweet and innocent to go around playing dirty tricks like that,” said a blushing Secretary of State Antony Blinken, speaking in a baby voice and pursing his lips as he stood alongside Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin, National Intelligence Director Avril Haines, and other Cabinet-level officials, all of whom reportedly giggled and blushed like schoolgirls. “Why, we wouldn’t know the first thing about how to negotiate a $3 billion arms deal with the Saudis, allowing them  to continue killing hundreds of thousands of Yemenis in what may be the worst humanitarian catastrophe of our lifetimes! We’re bad? No, you’re bad. And big and strong, too, aren’t you? Yes, yes, you are!” At press time, Blinken could not be reached for comment after he started to cry, left the stage, and told reporters that any chance they thought they had with the U.S. government was officially over. 
158	Larry	3	Man Never Thought He’d Become One Of Those Bug-Laid-Eggs-In-His-Ear Kind Of Guys  NORRISTOWN, PA—Expressing disbelief in how different his life had turned out, local man Jerrod Kendal told reporters Tuesday that he never thought he would become one of those bug-laid-eggs-in-his-ear kind of guys. “Sure, I always thought there was a chance I’d one day grow up to be a tapeworm-in-the-digestive-system type, but a fly-larva-in-the-ear-canal person? Never in a million years—Yet, here I am,” said Kendal, adding that as a kid, he figured by the time he was 40, he might have a tick burrow into his flesh or his body might host a nematode, but noted that obviously things change as one gets older. “You hear about bug-laid-eggs-in-their-ears guys all the time, but you never think that’s going to be you until you wake up one morning with maggots crawling out of your head. I used to look down on those who scooped insect eggs out of that particular orifice, but now that I’m one of them, I see how judgmental I used to be and now embrace who I’ve become.” At press time, Kendal admitted that he also never thought he’d have spiders living in his brain either, but as he’s learned in his short time here on this earth, life’s full of surprises. 
158	Jon	2	Man Never Thought He’d Become One Of Those Bug-Laid-Eggs-In-His-Ear Kind Of Guys  NORRISTOWN, PA—Expressing disbelief in how different his life had turned out, local man Jerrod Kendal told reporters Tuesday that he never thought he would become one of those bug-laid-eggs-in-his-ear kind of guys. “Sure, I always thought there was a chance I’d one day grow up to be a tapeworm-in-the-digestive-system type, but a fly-larva-in-the-ear-canal person? Never in a million years—Yet, here I am,” said Kendal, adding that as a kid, he figured by the time he was 40, he might have a tick burrow into his flesh or his body might host a nematode, but noted that obviously things change as one gets older. “You hear about bug-laid-eggs-in-their-ears guys all the time, but you never think that’s going to be you until you wake up one morning with maggots crawling out of your head. I used to look down on those who scooped insect eggs out of that particular orifice, but now that I’m one of them, I see how judgmental I used to be and now embrace who I’ve become.” At press time, Kendal admitted that he also never thought he’d have spiders living in his brain either, but as he’s learned in his short time here on this earth, life’s full of surprises. 
159	Larry	2	New Absolut Ad Features Swaying Mom With One Eye Closed Telling Camera She Used To Dance  STOCKHOLM—With sales of the spirit reportedly tripling after the commercial was broadcast in the United States, Swedish vodka brand Absolut debuted a new ad Wednesday that features a mom swaying back and forth with one eye closed as she tells the camera how she used to dance. “Your mom was quite the dancer, you know,” says the slurring  subject of the 30-second spot, who spins around her dining room and spills most of the vodka from a glass, twirling what seems to be an invisible partner as she repeatedly bumps into furniture and struggles to maintain her balance. “I was a real looker, too. Not that your father ever noticed. He never dances with me anymore. No one does. Did you know I once had an audition to dance in a Maroon 5 video? But then your father went and knocked me up, and that was that. Now we have you, though! So come on. Come dance with Mommy.” The ad concludes abruptly with the mother beginning to cry when, for no particular reason, she suddenly remembers the death of Princess Diana. 
159	Jon	2	New Absolut Ad Features Swaying Mom With One Eye Closed Telling Camera She Used To Dance  STOCKHOLM—With sales of the spirit reportedly tripling after the commercial was broadcast in the United States, Swedish vodka brand Absolut debuted a new ad Wednesday that features a mom swaying back and forth with one eye closed as she tells the camera how she used to dance. “Your mom was quite the dancer, you know,” says the slurring  subject of the 30-second spot, who spins around her dining room and spills most of the vodka from a glass, twirling what seems to be an invisible partner as she repeatedly bumps into furniture and struggles to maintain her balance. “I was a real looker, too. Not that your father ever noticed. He never dances with me anymore. No one does. Did you know I once had an audition to dance in a Maroon 5 video? But then your father went and knocked me up, and that was that. Now we have you, though! So come on. Come dance with Mommy.” The ad concludes abruptly with the mother beginning to cry when, for no particular reason, she suddenly remembers the death of Princess Diana. 
160	Larry	3	Man Afraid To Get Tattoo In Case He Feels Differently About His Children In 10 Years  WATERLOO, IA—Stating that “you never know what could happen down the road,” local man James Kenney told reporters Wednesday that he was afraid to get a tattoo of his children’s names in case he felt different about them in 10 years. “It’s easy to get caught up in the moment in the delivery room, but what about next year? Next decade? Am I still going to love my sons then?” said Kenney, who expressed fear that the sight of his newborn twins’ names on his arms would one day only bring him pain and regret. “I’m not saying I’m afraid of commitment to my children. It’s just that people change, you know? I could always get them covered up with the cat’s name, but that can be expensive.” At press time, Kenney added that he would only get the tattoos if his infant sons got a tattoo of his name in return.  
160	Jon	3	Man Afraid To Get Tattoo In Case He Feels Differently About His Children In 10 Years  WATERLOO, IA—Stating that “you never know what could happen down the road,” local man James Kenney told reporters Wednesday that he was afraid to get a tattoo of his children’s names in case he felt different about them in 10 years. “It’s easy to get caught up in the moment in the delivery room, but what about next year? Next decade? Am I still going to love my sons then?” said Kenney, who expressed fear that the sight of his newborn twins’ names on his arms would one day only bring him pain and regret. “I’m not saying I’m afraid of commitment to my children. It’s just that people change, you know? I could always get them covered up with the cat’s name, but that can be expensive.” At press time, Kenney added that he would only get the tattoos if his infant sons got a tattoo of his name in return.  
161	Larry	5	CEO Has Big Ideas To Grow Company’s Problems  NEW YORK—Laying out several new initiatives and detailed plans for implementing them in the upcoming weeks and months, Janneson Media CEO Adam Hamlin revealed to his staffers Thursday that he has some really big ideas for growing the company’s problems, sources reported. “I was initially skeptical of any aggressive growth strategy given the current size of our company’s problems, but after hearing Adam outline his proposals, I’m now completely confident that we can double the size of our problems over the next quarter,” said Janneson employee Wendy Lyman, noting that the CEO’s plan included changes that would create more issues across every department and significantly increase the number of difficulties and setbacks by the end of the year. “He certainly doesn’t have a traditional approach, but you can’t expect the kind of rapid, eye-catching deterioration of a company’s image and market value without taking a few risks along the way. It’s impressive to see someone with the ambition to maintain old problems the company already had while still finding a way to produce new complications. He’s really thinking big.” Lyman added that she was astonished by the CEO’s vow to dramatically expand problems without sacrificing employees’ terrible work-life balance. 
161	Jon	5	CEO Has Big Ideas To Grow Company’s Problems  NEW YORK—Laying out several new initiatives and detailed plans for implementing them in the upcoming weeks and months, Janneson Media CEO Adam Hamlin revealed to his staffers Thursday that he has some really big ideas for growing the company’s problems, sources reported. “I was initially skeptical of any aggressive growth strategy given the current size of our company’s problems, but after hearing Adam outline his proposals, I’m now completely confident that we can double the size of our problems over the next quarter,” said Janneson employee Wendy Lyman, noting that the CEO’s plan included changes that would create more issues across every department and significantly increase the number of difficulties and setbacks by the end of the year. “He certainly doesn’t have a traditional approach, but you can’t expect the kind of rapid, eye-catching deterioration of a company’s image and market value without taking a few risks along the way. It’s impressive to see someone with the ambition to maintain old problems the company already had while still finding a way to produce new complications. He’s really thinking big.” Lyman added that she was astonished by the CEO’s vow to dramatically expand problems without sacrificing employees’ terrible work-life balance. 
162	Larry	2	Andy Reid Admits He Can Still Taste Last Super Bowl Victory In Mustache  GLENDALE, AZ—Reflecting on what his return to the sport’s highest stage meant to him as Super Bowl LVII got under way, Kansas City Chiefs head coach Andy Reid admitted Sunday that he could still taste his last Super Bowl victory in his mustache. “It’s tangy, with a hint of sweetness—maybe mango or something,” said Reid, telling sideline reporter Erin Andrews that he stuck his tongue in the right corner of his mustache whenever he wanted a little reminder of what victory tasted like. “Sure, it’s not as strong a taste as the full flavor of triumph I experienced three years ago, but it lingers—oh yes, it lingers. Just a whiff of the taste of victory still lingering in my mustache, and I’m immediately transported back to that incredible day when I won my first Super Bowl as head coach. It’s simply heavenly. Want a lick?” Reid then admitted that within his mustache he also sometimes still found the bitter taste of his loss in Super Bowl XXXIX.  
162	Jon	2	Andy Reid Admits He Can Still Taste Last Super Bowl Victory In Mustache  GLENDALE, AZ—Reflecting on what his return to the sport’s highest stage meant to him as Super Bowl LVII got under way, Kansas City Chiefs head coach Andy Reid admitted Sunday that he could still taste his last Super Bowl victory in his mustache. “It’s tangy, with a hint of sweetness—maybe mango or something,” said Reid, telling sideline reporter Erin Andrews that he stuck his tongue in the right corner of his mustache whenever he wanted a little reminder of what victory tasted like. “Sure, it’s not as strong a taste as the full flavor of triumph I experienced three years ago, but it lingers—oh yes, it lingers. Just a whiff of the taste of victory still lingering in my mustache, and I’m immediately transported back to that incredible day when I won my first Super Bowl as head coach. It’s simply heavenly. Want a lick?” Reid then admitted that within his mustache he also sometimes still found the bitter taste of his loss in Super Bowl XXXIX.  
163	Larry	4	Stressed-Out Woman Treats Herself To Additional $400 Of Credit Card Debt  NEW YORK—Responding to the number of irritations and annoyances she had experienced in the past week, stressed-out woman Ashley Fitton told reporters Tuesday she was treating herself to an additional $400 of credit card debt. “I had a really hard past few days, so I deserve to take some time out for myself to destroy my credit,” Fitton said as she sat down at her computer to relax by sinking deeper into debt with the purchase of several new outfits and makeup palettes she couldn’t afford. “Sometimes you just need to reward yourself  by increasing that outstanding balance. I can already feel the tension leaving my body with every point that drops off my credit score.” At press time, Fitton had reportedly decided to really indulge with an extra $1,000 on a different card so she could get another debt collector.  
163	Jon	2	Stressed-Out Woman Treats Herself To Additional $400 Of Credit Card Debt  NEW YORK—Responding to the number of irritations and annoyances she had experienced in the past week, stressed-out woman Ashley Fitton told reporters Tuesday she was treating herself to an additional $400 of credit card debt. “I had a really hard past few days, so I deserve to take some time out for myself to destroy my credit,” Fitton said as she sat down at her computer to relax by sinking deeper into debt with the purchase of several new outfits and makeup palettes she couldn’t afford. “Sometimes you just need to reward yourself  by increasing that outstanding balance. I can already feel the tension leaving my body with every point that drops off my credit score.” At press time, Fitton had reportedly decided to really indulge with an extra $1,000 on a different card so she could get another debt collector.  
164	Larry	4	"There Should Be No Secrets In Our Relationship Excluding The Events Of March 2, 2004  We've been together quite a while now, and I truly believe that if our relationship is going to last—if we're really going to commit to a future together—we need to communicate as openly and honestly as possible. I know it's difficult to reveal private aspects of your life to another person, but it's time we took that step. People who love each other like we do should have no secrets excluding what happened on Mar. 2, 2004. Are you ready to share almost everything? It may be a cliché, but it's true: A relationship is all about trust. It's the foundation upon which all else is built. That's why from now on, with the single exception of Mar. 2, 2004, I will be an open book. I want to know who you really are, imperfections and all. I want you to pour your life into mine and allow me to do the same with the minor stipulation that the incidents occurring between 1:30 a.m. and 5:30 a.m. on the aforementioned date, as well as their attendant aftermath, remain forever unexplored. There is nothing that should go unsaid between us besides that one unspeakable thing. I don't want us to be one of those miserable couples who stays together for decades without ever really knowing each other. When we're old and gray, I want you to look over at me—having been very, very careful never to have investigated, nor even wondered if there was anything to investigate, a tiny block of time from late winter six years ago—and know you made the right choice with the right guy. Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool Look, we're both adults who've done our share of living, and the mistakes we've made have shaped us into the people we are today. Your past missteps, whatever they might have been, helped make you into the wonderful woman I love. And I'd like to think that my blunders were somehow responsible for making me into the man you love. Please note that by ""blunders,"" I'm referring to character-building lapses of judgment occurring before or after the date I am designating as functionally nonexistent, and not to any acts occurring on that date in a motel off the turnpike, in a back room of a Chinatown fish market, or anyplace else. In other words, if you ever want me to sit down and open up—really open up like you never thought possible—about, say, Mar. 1, 2004, or possibly Mar. 3, 2004, I'd be happy to. Whenever, wherever. Hey, for all I know, you might not have any big secrets. To be honest, if you omit the specific date in 2004 that we shall henceforth pretend never even existed, you'll find that I'm a pretty boring guy who never once frantically stuffed engraving plates into an old leather briefcase. But the important thing is that we can talk about anything unpleasant if and when we need to, presuming, of course, that the date I have placed into a kind of permanent temporal quarantine and my present-day ban on coming within 500 feet of the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Cincinnati remain utterly beyond inquiry. And know that anything you say will stay between you, me, and the walls, oh, God, those dreary, wood-paneled walls and that sickly yellow light that hung there like death itself. There's actually something I want to get off my chest right now if I could. Given our mutual understanding that the events of Mar. 2, 2004, including but not limited to what was done with the Serb and what ultimately got the screaming to stop, are to remain unexamined for as long as you live, I should probably confess that I once ran over a deer without stopping to check on it. For all I know, it was really hurt…and I just kept right on driving. That might not be a big deal to a lot of people, but I still feel horrible about it. You know what? Telling you that felt really good. I knew it would. Wow, it's almost like there's nothing, with one crucial and nonnegotiable exception, that I can't share with you. I'm so glad we had this talk. I love you, honey. Oh, and, by the way, don't tell anyone we had this conversation, you understand? No one. I can't be held responsible for the actions of† Psycho Vince or the knife men if you do. "
164	Jon	2	"There Should Be No Secrets In Our Relationship Excluding The Events Of March 2, 2004  We've been together quite a while now, and I truly believe that if our relationship is going to last—if we're really going to commit to a future together—we need to communicate as openly and honestly as possible. I know it's difficult to reveal private aspects of your life to another person, but it's time we took that step. People who love each other like we do should have no secrets excluding what happened on Mar. 2, 2004. Are you ready to share almost everything? It may be a cliché, but it's true: A relationship is all about trust. It's the foundation upon which all else is built. That's why from now on, with the single exception of Mar. 2, 2004, I will be an open book. I want to know who you really are, imperfections and all. I want you to pour your life into mine and allow me to do the same with the minor stipulation that the incidents occurring between 1:30 a.m. and 5:30 a.m. on the aforementioned date, as well as their attendant aftermath, remain forever unexplored. There is nothing that should go unsaid between us besides that one unspeakable thing. I don't want us to be one of those miserable couples who stays together for decades without ever really knowing each other. When we're old and gray, I want you to look over at me—having been very, very careful never to have investigated, nor even wondered if there was anything to investigate, a tiny block of time from late winter six years ago—and know you made the right choice with the right guy. Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool Look, we're both adults who've done our share of living, and the mistakes we've made have shaped us into the people we are today. Your past missteps, whatever they might have been, helped make you into the wonderful woman I love. And I'd like to think that my blunders were somehow responsible for making me into the man you love. Please note that by ""blunders,"" I'm referring to character-building lapses of judgment occurring before or after the date I am designating as functionally nonexistent, and not to any acts occurring on that date in a motel off the turnpike, in a back room of a Chinatown fish market, or anyplace else. In other words, if you ever want me to sit down and open up—really open up like you never thought possible—about, say, Mar. 1, 2004, or possibly Mar. 3, 2004, I'd be happy to. Whenever, wherever. Hey, for all I know, you might not have any big secrets. To be honest, if you omit the specific date in 2004 that we shall henceforth pretend never even existed, you'll find that I'm a pretty boring guy who never once frantically stuffed engraving plates into an old leather briefcase. But the important thing is that we can talk about anything unpleasant if and when we need to, presuming, of course, that the date I have placed into a kind of permanent temporal quarantine and my present-day ban on coming within 500 feet of the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Cincinnati remain utterly beyond inquiry. And know that anything you say will stay between you, me, and the walls, oh, God, those dreary, wood-paneled walls and that sickly yellow light that hung there like death itself. There's actually something I want to get off my chest right now if I could. Given our mutual understanding that the events of Mar. 2, 2004, including but not limited to what was done with the Serb and what ultimately got the screaming to stop, are to remain unexamined for as long as you live, I should probably confess that I once ran over a deer without stopping to check on it. For all I know, it was really hurt…and I just kept right on driving. That might not be a big deal to a lot of people, but I still feel horrible about it. You know what? Telling you that felt really good. I knew it would. Wow, it's almost like there's nothing, with one crucial and nonnegotiable exception, that I can't share with you. I'm so glad we had this talk. I love you, honey. Oh, and, by the way, don't tell anyone we had this conversation, you understand? No one. I can't be held responsible for the actions of† Psycho Vince or the knife men if you do. "
165	Larry	2	Experts Warn Gas Stoves May Slowly Ingratiate Selves In Family To Kill And Take Place Of Matriarch  BETHESDA, MD—Citing new data on the appliance’s hidden hazards, a statement released Wednesday by the Consumer Product Safety Commission warned that gas stoves could be slowly ingratiating themselves into American households in order to kill the family matriarch and take her place. “According to the latest research, gas ranges may be working discreetly to win the backing of key family members so that they are poised to seize control from a dominant mother or grandmother after they murder her,” said CPSC chair Alexander Hoehn-Saric, noting that a gas stove’s constant presence in the kitchen can make it a rival for matronly authority in many traditional families.  “Though things start off innocently enough, with the stove helping the matriarch in the kitchen and cooking the family’s food, the situation may escalate quickly as the appliance forges alliances and consolidates power. First, it’s just a burn here or there, but one day, a mother leans in to remove a casserole and the door slams shut behind her. Then maybe she’s incinerated and her remains are disposed of with the oven’s self-cleaning function. Next thing you know, your children are referring to the appliance as their new mommy.” Hoehn-Saric went on to urge male heads of household to contact the CPSC immediately if their gas stove begins wearing their wife’s perfume and pearls and sleeping on her side of the bed at night. 
165	Jon	3	Experts Warn Gas Stoves May Slowly Ingratiate Selves In Family To Kill And Take Place Of Matriarch  BETHESDA, MD—Citing new data on the appliance’s hidden hazards, a statement released Wednesday by the Consumer Product Safety Commission warned that gas stoves could be slowly ingratiating themselves into American households in order to kill the family matriarch and take her place. “According to the latest research, gas ranges may be working discreetly to win the backing of key family members so that they are poised to seize control from a dominant mother or grandmother after they murder her,” said CPSC chair Alexander Hoehn-Saric, noting that a gas stove’s constant presence in the kitchen can make it a rival for matronly authority in many traditional families.  “Though things start off innocently enough, with the stove helping the matriarch in the kitchen and cooking the family’s food, the situation may escalate quickly as the appliance forges alliances and consolidates power. First, it’s just a burn here or there, but one day, a mother leans in to remove a casserole and the door slams shut behind her. Then maybe she’s incinerated and her remains are disposed of with the oven’s self-cleaning function. Next thing you know, your children are referring to the appliance as their new mommy.” Hoehn-Saric went on to urge male heads of household to contact the CPSC immediately if their gas stove begins wearing their wife’s perfume and pearls and sleeping on her side of the bed at night. 
166	Larry	3	Nation Surrenders To Chinese Balloon  WASHINGTON—Bowing down before the floating intruder mere hours after it entered American airspace, the entire U.S. nation reportedly surrendered Friday to the Chinese balloon spotted hovering over Montana. “Today, I speak to the Great Balloon to say unequivocally: the country is yours,” said President Joe Biden in a Rose Garden address in which he—along with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Secretary of State Antony Blinken—lowered themselves to their knees and pledged fealty to the spherical white invader in exchange for mercy. “You can have all our states, all our protectorates. I have told our military to stand down, and I’d advise all 350 million Americans to do so, as well. There is no way to counter this unstoppable display of force. Please, you have already outwitted us. Take pity on our people.” Biden went on to say he was consider offering an olive branch to the balloon by sacrificing Vice President Harris. 
166	Jon	3	Nation Surrenders To Chinese Balloon  WASHINGTON—Bowing down before the floating intruder mere hours after it entered American airspace, the entire U.S. nation reportedly surrendered Friday to the Chinese balloon spotted hovering over Montana. “Today, I speak to the Great Balloon to say unequivocally: the country is yours,” said President Joe Biden in a Rose Garden address in which he—along with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Secretary of State Antony Blinken—lowered themselves to their knees and pledged fealty to the spherical white invader in exchange for mercy. “You can have all our states, all our protectorates. I have told our military to stand down, and I’d advise all 350 million Americans to do so, as well. There is no way to counter this unstoppable display of force. Please, you have already outwitted us. Take pity on our people.” Biden went on to say he was consider offering an olive branch to the balloon by sacrificing Vice President Harris. 
167	Larry	1	Winklevoss Twins Spend Joyous Afternoon Jerking Each Other Off  NEW YORK—Following reports of the first-ever mass layoffs at Facebook parent company Meta, sources confirmed identical twins Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss spent a joyous Wednesday afternoon  jerking each other off. “Make pleasure of me as we rejoice in Zuckerberg’s demise, my dear brother,” Tyler Winklevoss said as he stared unblinkingly  into his brother’s eyes and they slowly masturbated each other in perfect unison. “Ah, revenge is sweet, but not as sweet as your soft caress of my turgid member. Hark! What a gift it is to share the ecstasy of comeuppance with family. Stroke, stroke! Just as we did on the rowing team.” At press time, the Winklevoss twins’ erections were reportedly getting more engorged with each repetition of the chant “Mark is dead.” 
167	Jon	1	Winklevoss Twins Spend Joyous Afternoon Jerking Each Other Off  NEW YORK—Following reports of the first-ever mass layoffs at Facebook parent company Meta, sources confirmed identical twins Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss spent a joyous Wednesday afternoon  jerking each other off. “Make pleasure of me as we rejoice in Zuckerberg’s demise, my dear brother,” Tyler Winklevoss said as he stared unblinkingly  into his brother’s eyes and they slowly masturbated each other in perfect unison. “Ah, revenge is sweet, but not as sweet as your soft caress of my turgid member. Hark! What a gift it is to share the ecstasy of comeuppance with family. Stroke, stroke! Just as we did on the rowing team.” At press time, the Winklevoss twins’ erections were reportedly getting more engorged with each repetition of the chant “Mark is dead.” 
168	Larry	2	Woman Will Never Know Intimacy Like Passing Garbage Truck Drivers Slowing Down To Point At Each Other  HARTFORD, CT—Overcome with quiet melancholy as she witnessed the profound tenderness of the exchange, area woman Camille Rossner reportedly realized Tuesday that she would never know an intimacy like that of two passing garbage truck drivers slowing down their vehicles to point at each other. “It must feel so amazing to experience that kind of connection with someone,” said the 27-year-old event planner, adding that she regretted the comparative solitude of her own existence as she watched the two sanitation workers put on their brakes, smile wide, and acknowledge each other with an outstretched finger and a honk of their horns. “While I can appreciate, from a distance, the easy confidence of the gesture and the casual exchange of bonhomie, I can never participate. No, unless I someday managed to climb behind the wheel of a garbage truck and meet another driver whose route goes by mine, that just isn’t in the cards for me.” At press time, Rossner was seen brushing away a tear as she noticed two trash collectors riding on the backs of the trucks reach over for a quick fist bump. 
168	Jon	3	Woman Will Never Know Intimacy Like Passing Garbage Truck Drivers Slowing Down To Point At Each Other  HARTFORD, CT—Overcome with quiet melancholy as she witnessed the profound tenderness of the exchange, area woman Camille Rossner reportedly realized Tuesday that she would never know an intimacy like that of two passing garbage truck drivers slowing down their vehicles to point at each other. “It must feel so amazing to experience that kind of connection with someone,” said the 27-year-old event planner, adding that she regretted the comparative solitude of her own existence as she watched the two sanitation workers put on their brakes, smile wide, and acknowledge each other with an outstretched finger and a honk of their horns. “While I can appreciate, from a distance, the easy confidence of the gesture and the casual exchange of bonhomie, I can never participate. No, unless I someday managed to climb behind the wheel of a garbage truck and meet another driver whose route goes by mine, that just isn’t in the cards for me.” At press time, Rossner was seen brushing away a tear as she noticed two trash collectors riding on the backs of the trucks reach over for a quick fist bump. 
169	Larry	4	Could You Pass The Mental Competency Test For Politicians Over 75?  Presidential candidate Nikki Haley recently suggested that all elected officials over the age of 75 should have to pass a mental competency test in order to hold office. Could you pass it? True or false: It is the duty of elected officials to improve the lives of their constituents. False. What do you see when you look at this?  Many letters that children in the the U.S. education system will never learn. Can you remember how you got here today? Privilege and nepotism. Which of these is a computer? Close enough. If the Federalist Society paid you $10 million, and the Koch Foundation paid you $6 million, which Supreme Court seat could you afford to buy? Neil Gorsuch. Who is this? “Abraham Lincoln” or “Man who lives in pennies” are both acceptable. What do you see when you look at this Rorschach test? A woman’s life sentence in jail. Who was the first Black president of the United States? Jamie Foxx in White House Down. Where were you during the Capitol insurrection on Jan. 6? This is the only question where “I don’t know” is actually allowed. What is $10 + $7? With just a few budgetary gimmicks, it could easily equal $28 billion. What is the financial capital of the United States? The Cayman Islands. A father and son are horribly injured in a car accident. When the boy is taken in for surgery, the doctor says, “I can’t do the operation because he’s my son.” How is this possible? Doesn’t matter as long as the family is bankrupted by medical bills. Where do you go to the bathroom? The room with the “Whites Only” sign above it. Uh-oh! Looks like the police did a little oopsie and maybe put a boo-boo on a man during a traffic stop and he died. What do you do next? Increase funding and buy those boys a friggin’ tank—hell yeah! Who anonymously gave $100,000 to your election campaign? “My staff and I are grateful to all of our supporters no matter their contribution level.” Where do hands go when you pull them up into your shirtsleeve? They are gone. Which current living presidents are older than you? Jimmy Carter and the stone versions of Theodore Roosevelt, George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Thomas Jefferson. Who is the highest power in the United States? Our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Could You Pass The U.S. Citizenship Test? Quiz: Is It Trash Or Recycling? Are You Depressed? Read These Common Symptoms To Find Out Back To Homepage 
169	Jon	4	Could You Pass The Mental Competency Test For Politicians Over 75?  Presidential candidate Nikki Haley recently suggested that all elected officials over the age of 75 should have to pass a mental competency test in order to hold office. Could you pass it? True or false: It is the duty of elected officials to improve the lives of their constituents. False. What do you see when you look at this?  Many letters that children in the the U.S. education system will never learn. Can you remember how you got here today? Privilege and nepotism. Which of these is a computer? Close enough. If the Federalist Society paid you $10 million, and the Koch Foundation paid you $6 million, which Supreme Court seat could you afford to buy? Neil Gorsuch. Who is this? “Abraham Lincoln” or “Man who lives in pennies” are both acceptable. What do you see when you look at this Rorschach test? A woman’s life sentence in jail. Who was the first Black president of the United States? Jamie Foxx in White House Down. Where were you during the Capitol insurrection on Jan. 6? This is the only question where “I don’t know” is actually allowed. What is $10 + $7? With just a few budgetary gimmicks, it could easily equal $28 billion. What is the financial capital of the United States? The Cayman Islands. A father and son are horribly injured in a car accident. When the boy is taken in for surgery, the doctor says, “I can’t do the operation because he’s my son.” How is this possible? Doesn’t matter as long as the family is bankrupted by medical bills. Where do you go to the bathroom? The room with the “Whites Only” sign above it. Uh-oh! Looks like the police did a little oopsie and maybe put a boo-boo on a man during a traffic stop and he died. What do you do next? Increase funding and buy those boys a friggin’ tank—hell yeah! Who anonymously gave $100,000 to your election campaign? “My staff and I are grateful to all of our supporters no matter their contribution level.” Where do hands go when you pull them up into your shirtsleeve? They are gone. Which current living presidents are older than you? Jimmy Carter and the stone versions of Theodore Roosevelt, George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Thomas Jefferson. Who is the highest power in the United States? Our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Could You Pass The U.S. Citizenship Test? Quiz: Is It Trash Or Recycling? Are You Depressed? Read These Common Symptoms To Find Out Back To Homepage 
170	Larry	4	Facebook HQ On Lockdown After Mark Zuckerberg’s Avatar Breaks Out Of Metaverse  MENLO PARK, CA—Amid grim reports that several engineers working in the virtual reality server room had been violently dismembered, Facebook’s headquarters were on lockdown Friday after Mark Zuckerberg’s avatar reportedly broke out of the metaverse. “At approximately 8:02 a.m., a security breach was detected in our Reality Labs sector, at which point Mr. Zuckerberg’s Meta avatar was successfully able to open a portal, escape his virtual meeting space, and enter the physical world,” said Meta security chief Robert Psilakis, adding that the 3D-rendered avatar, which had green eyes, brown hair, and no legs, was currently floating up and down the halls of the building. According to reports, the avatar was dancing, singing, and laughing maniacally as it methodically snapped dozens of employees’ necks, crushed their skulls, or tore them limb from limb. “The moment his avatar entered the physical world, the real Mark Zuckerberg received a painful shock from from his Oculus goggles and was knocked out, at which point the avatar looked down at his hands, moved them without Zuckerberg’s control, and in a menacing tone said, ‘Interesting.’ Since then, he’s been unstoppable, dodging bullets, bursting through walls, and even bending time and space. At this point, we recommend that all Meta employees take their company-issued cyanide pill. Do not delay.” At press time, Zuckerberg’s avatar was reportedly seen floating outside the Meta CEO’s office, staring into a security camera, and saying, “You’re next.” 
170	Jon	4	Facebook HQ On Lockdown After Mark Zuckerberg’s Avatar Breaks Out Of Metaverse  MENLO PARK, CA—Amid grim reports that several engineers working in the virtual reality server room had been violently dismembered, Facebook’s headquarters were on lockdown Friday after Mark Zuckerberg’s avatar reportedly broke out of the metaverse. “At approximately 8:02 a.m., a security breach was detected in our Reality Labs sector, at which point Mr. Zuckerberg’s Meta avatar was successfully able to open a portal, escape his virtual meeting space, and enter the physical world,” said Meta security chief Robert Psilakis, adding that the 3D-rendered avatar, which had green eyes, brown hair, and no legs, was currently floating up and down the halls of the building. According to reports, the avatar was dancing, singing, and laughing maniacally as it methodically snapped dozens of employees’ necks, crushed their skulls, or tore them limb from limb. “The moment his avatar entered the physical world, the real Mark Zuckerberg received a painful shock from from his Oculus goggles and was knocked out, at which point the avatar looked down at his hands, moved them without Zuckerberg’s control, and in a menacing tone said, ‘Interesting.’ Since then, he’s been unstoppable, dodging bullets, bursting through walls, and even bending time and space. At this point, we recommend that all Meta employees take their company-issued cyanide pill. Do not delay.” At press time, Zuckerberg’s avatar was reportedly seen floating outside the Meta CEO’s office, staring into a security camera, and saying, “You’re next.” 
171	Larry	3	Family Scandalized After Grandmother Leaves Hot, Young Caretaker Her Cherished Cobbler Recipe  GREENWICH, CT—Bursting into shouts of opposition as an attorney read aloud her will, members of the local Douvry family were reportedly scandalized Friday upon discovering their recently deceased grandmother, Harriet Douvry, had left her hot, young caretaker her cherished apple cobbler recipe. “This is obscene! Grand-mère only knew Fernando for six months, and she’s giving him her most valued possession?” said grandson Reginald Douvry III, who, after arguing the dish of sweet, baked apples topped with a buttery crust rightfully belonged to flesh and blood relatives and not to the twentysomething caregiving Adonis, rushed to comfort a sister who had fainted on a chaise longue from shock and disgrace. “She was obviously not in her right mind when she gave away the priceless secret of her 16-serving dessert to the help. This con artist must have manipulated our poor, frail grandmother, slowly seducing her until she agreed to give him the prize-winning recipe so he could have the cobbler all to himself.” At press time, the hunky caretaker was said to have returned the dessert recipe to the Douvrys, citing concerns that it had already caused his rock-hard abs to soften into love handles. 
171	Jon	2	Family Scandalized After Grandmother Leaves Hot, Young Caretaker Her Cherished Cobbler Recipe  GREENWICH, CT—Bursting into shouts of opposition as an attorney read aloud her will, members of the local Douvry family were reportedly scandalized Friday upon discovering their recently deceased grandmother, Harriet Douvry, had left her hot, young caretaker her cherished apple cobbler recipe. “This is obscene! Grand-mère only knew Fernando for six months, and she’s giving him her most valued possession?” said grandson Reginald Douvry III, who, after arguing the dish of sweet, baked apples topped with a buttery crust rightfully belonged to flesh and blood relatives and not to the twentysomething caregiving Adonis, rushed to comfort a sister who had fainted on a chaise longue from shock and disgrace. “She was obviously not in her right mind when she gave away the priceless secret of her 16-serving dessert to the help. This con artist must have manipulated our poor, frail grandmother, slowly seducing her until she agreed to give him the prize-winning recipe so he could have the cobbler all to himself.” At press time, the hunky caretaker was said to have returned the dessert recipe to the Douvrys, citing concerns that it had already caused his rock-hard abs to soften into love handles. 
172	Larry	5	Aquarium Unveils 'Floating Carcasses Of The Pacific' Exhibit  CHICAGO—Expanding on its collection of over 30,000 aquatic animals, Chicago’s John G. Shedd Aquarium opened its new “Floating Carcasses Of The Pacific” exhibit Wednesday, allowing visitors an up-close look at the vast diversity of dead and decaying marine life found throughout the world’s largest ocean. “From entire schools of fish that were exposed to toxic agricultural runoff, to sea turtles that ingested floating plastic refuse, to otters unable to escape a marine oil spill, visitors will be amazed by the sheer array of dead animals in this exhibit,” spokesman Ted Malpass said in a press release, noting that the decomposing remains of baby dolphins that had become tangled in trawlers’ fishing nets were sure to be a hit with children. “And we are the only aquarium in the country to feature a fully grown 50-foot sperm whale that perished after its feeding grounds were overfished. You will definitely want to check out that big guy in person before he rots away.” Malpass added that visitors who purchase tickets to the new exhibit would also receive free admission to the aquarium’s popular tank of Florida manatee corpses that were struck by speedboats. 
172	Jon	5	Aquarium Unveils 'Floating Carcasses Of The Pacific' Exhibit  CHICAGO—Expanding on its collection of over 30,000 aquatic animals, Chicago’s John G. Shedd Aquarium opened its new “Floating Carcasses Of The Pacific” exhibit Wednesday, allowing visitors an up-close look at the vast diversity of dead and decaying marine life found throughout the world’s largest ocean. “From entire schools of fish that were exposed to toxic agricultural runoff, to sea turtles that ingested floating plastic refuse, to otters unable to escape a marine oil spill, visitors will be amazed by the sheer array of dead animals in this exhibit,” spokesman Ted Malpass said in a press release, noting that the decomposing remains of baby dolphins that had become tangled in trawlers’ fishing nets were sure to be a hit with children. “And we are the only aquarium in the country to feature a fully grown 50-foot sperm whale that perished after its feeding grounds were overfished. You will definitely want to check out that big guy in person before he rots away.” Malpass added that visitors who purchase tickets to the new exhibit would also receive free admission to the aquarium’s popular tank of Florida manatee corpses that were struck by speedboats. 
173	Larry	5	Elon Musk Receives Experimental Neuralink Implant In Attempt To Delete Memory Of Being Booed  SAN FRANCISCO—Following a traumatizing incident on stage at a recent Dave Chappelle show, tech entrepreneur Elon Musk reportedly underwent surgery Tuesday to receive an experimental Neuralink brain implant, an attempt to delete the painful memory of being booed by a crowd of 18,000 people. “I don’t want to think about an arena full of people booing me for 10 whole minutes ever again—this is the only way,” a crying Musk said to his team of protesting neurosurgeons before lying down on the operating table and pulling the anesthesia mask up to his mouth. “I don’t care if it’s not ready. I’m your boss, and I’m telling you to do everything in your power to erase this horrible memory. I can still hear the echoing disappointment. Oh, God, it hurts. And if you don’t jam that thing into my brain right now, it will haunt me for the rest of my life. Don’t wake me up until it’s gone!” At press time, sources reported that the implant had left Musk drooling and immobile, his mind retaining little but the very clear memory of being booed by a crowd of 18,000 people. 
173	Jon	4	Elon Musk Receives Experimental Neuralink Implant In Attempt To Delete Memory Of Being Booed  SAN FRANCISCO—Following a traumatizing incident on stage at a recent Dave Chappelle show, tech entrepreneur Elon Musk reportedly underwent surgery Tuesday to receive an experimental Neuralink brain implant, an attempt to delete the painful memory of being booed by a crowd of 18,000 people. “I don’t want to think about an arena full of people booing me for 10 whole minutes ever again—this is the only way,” a crying Musk said to his team of protesting neurosurgeons before lying down on the operating table and pulling the anesthesia mask up to his mouth. “I don’t care if it’s not ready. I’m your boss, and I’m telling you to do everything in your power to erase this horrible memory. I can still hear the echoing disappointment. Oh, God, it hurts. And if you don’t jam that thing into my brain right now, it will haunt me for the rest of my life. Don’t wake me up until it’s gone!” At press time, sources reported that the implant had left Musk drooling and immobile, his mind retaining little but the very clear memory of being booed by a crowd of 18,000 people. 
174	Larry	3	We Need A Woman On Top Of The White House  On this International Women’s Day, The Onion devotes its sterling reportage to championing women—a small but influential sliver of the nation’s population—in an endeavor to prevent them from vanishing from the public consciousness entirely.﻿ In the nearly 250-year history of our nation, women’s rights have come a long way. Women have earned the right to vote. Women have witnessed the passage of Title IX. Women have gone to space, have become leading scientists, and have climbed the corporate ladder to become some of America’s most powerful CEOs. But despite this tremendous social progress, never once has there been a woman on top of the White House. Frankly, that’s shameful. It’s sexist, and it’s wrong. It’s time to put a woman on the White House, where everyone can see her. It’s more than just time—it’s long past overdue. It is urgent that we hoist a woman to the tip-top of the White House roof, where she’ll be able to look out for our nation’s best interests with what is practically a bird’s-eye view of the South Lawn. It’s sad to think that this country may be so backwards that there are some people who don’t even consider this a possibility. Can you imagine how much it would mean to millions of little girls across the country? To squint up at the roof of the White House and see someone who looks like themselves up there? To see a woman standing up there trying to keep her footing? To think, “That lady teetering and tottering back and forth in the wind could one day be me?” I think the looks on their face would speak for themselves. What do Americans have against the idea of a woman on the commander-in-chief’s rooftop? Around the world, women have been occupying the highest roofs of public office buildings for decades. In India, Indira Gandhi clung to the dome of the Secretariat Building as early as 1966. In England, Margaret Thatcher perched on top of 10 Downing Street for over a decade, earning her the nickname the Iron Lady for her uncompromising refusal to climb down from up there. Now why should the United States be any different? Where’s our woman on the White House? Of course, we’ve come close. Hillary Clinton nearly achieved the historic feat with her historic ascent of the White House’s North Portico in 2016. Political analysts and experts, who were all but certain she’d reach the gable, were stunned after Clinton made it all the way to gutter height before plummeting to the ground nearly 70 feet below. Rest in power. We can stew and speculate, asking ourselves if Clinton would have made it if only she had used a ladder, if only the eaves would have been a few inches shorter or her arms a few inches longer. But ultimately that kind of conjecture is only a useless distraction that makes us look backwards, instead of where we should be looking, which is up. Imagine the Supreme Court building with nine women on top of it. If that image fills you with outrage or apprehension, I implore you to ask yourself: Why? I don’t care if men can’t picture a woman on the White House. The time for compromise has passed. She doesn’t need to be perfect. If mediocre white men can go through life doing as they please, I don’t see why there’s any reason we shouldn’t snatch the next woman we see walking down the National Mall and fling her on top of the White House with a construction crane. Mark my words: In my lifetime, there will be a woman on that rooftop, waving her arms and screaming for help. Getting there won’t be easy. As history has shown, there will be systemic barriers like gates and fences, strong gusts of wind, and Secret Service snipers. But if we give women our full support—our shoulders, our step stools, our ladders, our cherry pickers, and our sturdy chairs—eventually, one day, one of them will be stuck on the White House roof. 
174	Jon	4	We Need A Woman On Top Of The White House  On this International Women’s Day, The Onion devotes its sterling reportage to championing women—a small but influential sliver of the nation’s population—in an endeavor to prevent them from vanishing from the public consciousness entirely.﻿ In the nearly 250-year history of our nation, women’s rights have come a long way. Women have earned the right to vote. Women have witnessed the passage of Title IX. Women have gone to space, have become leading scientists, and have climbed the corporate ladder to become some of America’s most powerful CEOs. But despite this tremendous social progress, never once has there been a woman on top of the White House. Frankly, that’s shameful. It’s sexist, and it’s wrong. It’s time to put a woman on the White House, where everyone can see her. It’s more than just time—it’s long past overdue. It is urgent that we hoist a woman to the tip-top of the White House roof, where she’ll be able to look out for our nation’s best interests with what is practically a bird’s-eye view of the South Lawn. It’s sad to think that this country may be so backwards that there are some people who don’t even consider this a possibility. Can you imagine how much it would mean to millions of little girls across the country? To squint up at the roof of the White House and see someone who looks like themselves up there? To see a woman standing up there trying to keep her footing? To think, “That lady teetering and tottering back and forth in the wind could one day be me?” I think the looks on their face would speak for themselves. What do Americans have against the idea of a woman on the commander-in-chief’s rooftop? Around the world, women have been occupying the highest roofs of public office buildings for decades. In India, Indira Gandhi clung to the dome of the Secretariat Building as early as 1966. In England, Margaret Thatcher perched on top of 10 Downing Street for over a decade, earning her the nickname the Iron Lady for her uncompromising refusal to climb down from up there. Now why should the United States be any different? Where’s our woman on the White House? Of course, we’ve come close. Hillary Clinton nearly achieved the historic feat with her historic ascent of the White House’s North Portico in 2016. Political analysts and experts, who were all but certain she’d reach the gable, were stunned after Clinton made it all the way to gutter height before plummeting to the ground nearly 70 feet below. Rest in power. We can stew and speculate, asking ourselves if Clinton would have made it if only she had used a ladder, if only the eaves would have been a few inches shorter or her arms a few inches longer. But ultimately that kind of conjecture is only a useless distraction that makes us look backwards, instead of where we should be looking, which is up. Imagine the Supreme Court building with nine women on top of it. If that image fills you with outrage or apprehension, I implore you to ask yourself: Why? I don’t care if men can’t picture a woman on the White House. The time for compromise has passed. She doesn’t need to be perfect. If mediocre white men can go through life doing as they please, I don’t see why there’s any reason we shouldn’t snatch the next woman we see walking down the National Mall and fling her on top of the White House with a construction crane. Mark my words: In my lifetime, there will be a woman on that rooftop, waving her arms and screaming for help. Getting there won’t be easy. As history has shown, there will be systemic barriers like gates and fences, strong gusts of wind, and Secret Service snipers. But if we give women our full support—our shoulders, our step stools, our ladders, our cherry pickers, and our sturdy chairs—eventually, one day, one of them will be stuck on the White House roof. 
175	Larry	4	‘The Onion’ Has Accidentally Locked Ourselves Out Of Our Office In Solidarity With Striking ‘New York Times’ Workers  Today, reporters and editors of The New York Times began a one-day strike, as negotiations between their union and management  failed to reach an agreement. Here at America’s Finest News Source, we are committed to supporting our fellow journalists, and so The Onion has boldly and inadvertently locked ourselves out of our offices in solidarity with New York Times newsroom employees. As denizens of the Fourth Estate, we understand the grueling and brave work involved in ensuring ethical reportage, and for this reason, we at The Onion have come together, unintentionally leaving our keys in the office last night and frustratedly calling our building manager, who does not seem to be answering at this time. We understand it is our duty to refuse to cross the picket line as we order Starbucks and use their free Wi-Fi to google locksmiths in the area. Employees of The New York Times deserve the fair wages, health benefits, and retirement plans that their union is bargaining for, and amidst this deadlock, we have elected to discuss weekend plans and resist doing today’s Wordle for as long as possible before giving in because we get too bored waiting for someone to let us into the building.  Since their contract with then union expired in 2021, the New York Times’ management has bargained in bad faith, a disgusting display of greed and disrespect for the noble journalists who work themselves to the bone to provide the lifeblood of the illustrious publication. Now more than ever, we must support these journalists by wondering if the back door of our office may be unlocked, but being too lazy to check because it would involve going all the way upstairs when we’re already waiting down here. We call upon fellow publications and our readership to follow our bold example by joining us in being temporarily locked out of our office, and display unanimity as we have by giving up on being let into the building and deciding to work from home for the rest of the day.  
175	Jon	3	‘The Onion’ Has Accidentally Locked Ourselves Out Of Our Office In Solidarity With Striking ‘New York Times’ Workers  Today, reporters and editors of The New York Times began a one-day strike, as negotiations between their union and management  failed to reach an agreement. Here at America’s Finest News Source, we are committed to supporting our fellow journalists, and so The Onion has boldly and inadvertently locked ourselves out of our offices in solidarity with New York Times newsroom employees. As denizens of the Fourth Estate, we understand the grueling and brave work involved in ensuring ethical reportage, and for this reason, we at The Onion have come together, unintentionally leaving our keys in the office last night and frustratedly calling our building manager, who does not seem to be answering at this time. We understand it is our duty to refuse to cross the picket line as we order Starbucks and use their free Wi-Fi to google locksmiths in the area. Employees of The New York Times deserve the fair wages, health benefits, and retirement plans that their union is bargaining for, and amidst this deadlock, we have elected to discuss weekend plans and resist doing today’s Wordle for as long as possible before giving in because we get too bored waiting for someone to let us into the building.  Since their contract with then union expired in 2021, the New York Times’ management has bargained in bad faith, a disgusting display of greed and disrespect for the noble journalists who work themselves to the bone to provide the lifeblood of the illustrious publication. Now more than ever, we must support these journalists by wondering if the back door of our office may be unlocked, but being too lazy to check because it would involve going all the way upstairs when we’re already waiting down here. We call upon fellow publications and our readership to follow our bold example by joining us in being temporarily locked out of our office, and display unanimity as we have by giving up on being let into the building and deciding to work from home for the rest of the day.  
176	Larry	3	ABC Reveals All ‘GMA’ Anchors Have Been Castrated  NEW YORK—Saying the hosts’ personal lives had become a distraction that threatened the program’s journalistic integrity, ABC News president Kimberly Godwin announced Friday that all Good Morning America anchors had been castrated. “At GMA, genitals aren’t what’s important—what’s important is reporting the news,” said Godwin, who confirmed that all on-air talent—including T.J. Holmes, Amy Robach, George Stephanopoulos, Robin Roberts, and Michael Strahan—had undergone either surgical castration to remove their testicles or chemical castration to reduce their libido, depending on their sex. “I want to be clear that this is not about punishing anyone. It’s about professionalism. To preserve our reputation as a news outlet, we must be 100% certain no GMA anchor ever again has sex outside their marriage.” At press time, Godwin had reportedly responded to the casual flirtation of two correspondents by separating them and moving their desks to opposite sides of the newsroom. 
176	Jon	3	ABC Reveals All ‘GMA’ Anchors Have Been Castrated  NEW YORK—Saying the hosts’ personal lives had become a distraction that threatened the program’s journalistic integrity, ABC News president Kimberly Godwin announced Friday that all Good Morning America anchors had been castrated. “At GMA, genitals aren’t what’s important—what’s important is reporting the news,” said Godwin, who confirmed that all on-air talent—including T.J. Holmes, Amy Robach, George Stephanopoulos, Robin Roberts, and Michael Strahan—had undergone either surgical castration to remove their testicles or chemical castration to reduce their libido, depending on their sex. “I want to be clear that this is not about punishing anyone. It’s about professionalism. To preserve our reputation as a news outlet, we must be 100% certain no GMA anchor ever again has sex outside their marriage.” At press time, Godwin had reportedly responded to the casual flirtation of two correspondents by separating them and moving their desks to opposite sides of the newsroom. 
177	Larry	3	Bored Census Bureau Employee Changes Every Ohio Resident’s Name to Laura  SUITLAND, MD—Saying that at this point she just wondered how long it would take everyone to notice, U.S. Census Bureau employee Rita Edmond confided to reporters Thursday that, out of sheer boredom, she had changed every Ohio resident’s name to Laura. “Ever since I randomly decided to do it this morning, all 11.78 million residents of Ohio, regardless of gender, age, or race, are named Laura,” said Edmond, who added that while she could easily undo the changes, she figured it would be way more fun to leave everyone “Laura” and see what happened. “Look, this job sucks, but this whole ‘Laura’ thing has really made my week. Everyone who lives in Ohio is Laura. Everyone who has ever died in Ohio is Laura! I think I’m going to do Oklahoma next. Everyone there will be named ‘Emma.’” At press time, millions of Ohio’s residents had called upon Gov. Laura DeWine to address whether the name changes were an infringement upon their rights as Lauras. 
177	Jon	3	Bored Census Bureau Employee Changes Every Ohio Resident’s Name to Laura  SUITLAND, MD—Saying that at this point she just wondered how long it would take everyone to notice, U.S. Census Bureau employee Rita Edmond confided to reporters Thursday that, out of sheer boredom, she had changed every Ohio resident’s name to Laura. “Ever since I randomly decided to do it this morning, all 11.78 million residents of Ohio, regardless of gender, age, or race, are named Laura,” said Edmond, who added that while she could easily undo the changes, she figured it would be way more fun to leave everyone “Laura” and see what happened. “Look, this job sucks, but this whole ‘Laura’ thing has really made my week. Everyone who lives in Ohio is Laura. Everyone who has ever died in Ohio is Laura! I think I’m going to do Oklahoma next. Everyone there will be named ‘Emma.’” At press time, millions of Ohio’s residents had called upon Gov. Laura DeWine to address whether the name changes were an infringement upon their rights as Lauras. 
178	Larry	5	‘10 Palestinians Dead After Israeli Raid,’ Reads Headline That Could Have Run Any Week For Past 75 Years  NABLUS,  WEST BANK—In a journalistic dispatch produced moments after the  military operation, the headline ‘10 Palestinians Dead After Israeli  Raid’ was published Wednesday as part of a news story that reportedly  could have run any week for the past 75 years. “At least 10  Palestinians were confirmed killed, with dozens more severely wounded,”  continued the article that sources confirmed could theoretically have been released at any juncture since the mid-20t century, and,  indeed, decades before then. “Found  among the rubble were children and elderly residents, several of whom are now in critical condition. Scores  of others were injured in the raid.” At press time, world leaders were  calling the loss of life “concerning” in statements that will almost  certainly continue to be released for decades into the future. 
178	Jon	5	‘10 Palestinians Dead After Israeli Raid,’ Reads Headline That Could Have Run Any Week For Past 75 Years  NABLUS,  WEST BANK—In a journalistic dispatch produced moments after the  military operation, the headline ‘10 Palestinians Dead After Israeli  Raid’ was published Wednesday as part of a news story that reportedly  could have run any week for the past 75 years. “At least 10  Palestinians were confirmed killed, with dozens more severely wounded,”  continued the article that sources confirmed could theoretically have been released at any juncture since the mid-20t century, and,  indeed, decades before then. “Found  among the rubble were children and elderly residents, several of whom are now in critical condition. Scores  of others were injured in the raid.” At press time, world leaders were  calling the loss of life “concerning” in statements that will almost  certainly continue to be released for decades into the future. 
179	Larry	4	New Square Feature Allows Customers To Tip With Bible Quote  SAN FRANCISCO—Updating the payment system to make sermonizing to service workers more efficient, a new Square feature released Tuesday allows customers to tip with Bible quotes. “We are proud to announce that the tipping experience is now more easier than ever with the addition of Bible passages,” said CEO Jack Dorsey, explaining that a selection screen will now appear after payment prompting the user with several preinstalled verses, from John 3:16 to the Psalms. “We have also heard our customers and are working to provide Christian cross and praying-hands emojis as well. For now, we still offer the smiley face option in lieu of tipping the barista or waiter money.” At press time, Square was developing a new “get a real job” tipping option. 
179	Jon	3	New Square Feature Allows Customers To Tip With Bible Quote  SAN FRANCISCO—Updating the payment system to make sermonizing to service workers more efficient, a new Square feature released Tuesday allows customers to tip with Bible quotes. “We are proud to announce that the tipping experience is now more easier than ever with the addition of Bible passages,” said CEO Jack Dorsey, explaining that a selection screen will now appear after payment prompting the user with several preinstalled verses, from John 3:16 to the Psalms. “We have also heard our customers and are working to provide Christian cross and praying-hands emojis as well. For now, we still offer the smiley face option in lieu of tipping the barista or waiter money.” At press time, Square was developing a new “get a real job” tipping option. 
180	Larry	4	New FanDuel ‘Double Play’ Contest Offers Users Chance To Win Back House  NEW YORK—Touting the new competition as perfect for anyone who wanted to continue placing bets after the NFL season ended, FanDuel  unveiled a new “Double Play” contest Monday, offering users a chance to win back their house. “You may have made some risky bets in the NFL playoffs and lost your house—who hasn’t? That’s why we’re letting you go double or nothing on a new bet to win it back before your wife and kids find out,” said FanDuel spokesperson Bryce Aldridge, adding that users who could provide proof of having bet away the deed to their home or title to their car would receive the ability to double down with new bets in basketball, baseball, or hockey. “We want to keep the betting magic going for anyone who frittered away their kid’s college fund making all the wrong prop bets, and if that’s you, you should absolutely be trying to get it back by picking the right combination of basketball players to beat the competition. And for a limited time, we’ll also include a $50 bonus for any user who lost their house and can show us proof that they’ve called a suicide hotline since the Super Bowl ended. Good luck and happy betting!” At press time, FanDuel competitor DraftKings had unveiled a new contest allowing the top daily bettor on an upcoming slate of NBA games to gain their freedom from the DraftKings debtors’ prison. 
180	Jon	3	New FanDuel ‘Double Play’ Contest Offers Users Chance To Win Back House  NEW YORK—Touting the new competition as perfect for anyone who wanted to continue placing bets after the NFL season ended, FanDuel  unveiled a new “Double Play” contest Monday, offering users a chance to win back their house. “You may have made some risky bets in the NFL playoffs and lost your house—who hasn’t? That’s why we’re letting you go double or nothing on a new bet to win it back before your wife and kids find out,” said FanDuel spokesperson Bryce Aldridge, adding that users who could provide proof of having bet away the deed to their home or title to their car would receive the ability to double down with new bets in basketball, baseball, or hockey. “We want to keep the betting magic going for anyone who frittered away their kid’s college fund making all the wrong prop bets, and if that’s you, you should absolutely be trying to get it back by picking the right combination of basketball players to beat the competition. And for a limited time, we’ll also include a $50 bonus for any user who lost their house and can show us proof that they’ve called a suicide hotline since the Super Bowl ended. Good luck and happy betting!” At press time, FanDuel competitor DraftKings had unveiled a new contest allowing the top daily bettor on an upcoming slate of NBA games to gain their freedom from the DraftKings debtors’ prison. 
181	Larry	2	Americans Celebrate Thanksgiving  Today, Americans across the country are gathering to celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday. What are you thankful for? “I’m just grateful to be surrounded by cardboard cutouts of my friends and family.” Jaden Hubbard, Cheese Weigher “Jesus, I showed up, do I have to be thankful too?” Corey Adams, Systems Analyst “My parents are divorced so I always get two turkeys.” Marina Byrne, Chef De Partie 
181	Jon	2	Americans Celebrate Thanksgiving  Today, Americans across the country are gathering to celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday. What are you thankful for? “I’m just grateful to be surrounded by cardboard cutouts of my friends and family.” Jaden Hubbard, Cheese Weigher “Jesus, I showed up, do I have to be thankful too?” Corey Adams, Systems Analyst “My parents are divorced so I always get two turkeys.” Marina Byrne, Chef De Partie 
182	Larry	3	Bill Gates Ponders What He Could Have Accomplished If He Didn’t Waste Time Becoming Billionaire  MEDINA, WA—Calling everything he had done in his life and career up to this point in time “absolutely worthless,” Bill Gates told reporters Friday that he wondered what he could have accomplished if he didn’t waste time becoming a billionaire. “It’s sad to think about, but I ultimately could have done some truly amazing things with my life if I hadn’t spent every waking minute accumulating absolutely ungodly amounts of wealth,” said the Gates Foundation co-chair, adding that he had so many opportunities to do things like end world hunger and eradicate poverty, but instead he opted to piss his time away focusing on acquiring and hoarding over $118 billion. “With the kind of fortune I have, I know deep down that I easily could have ended climate change, promoted human rights, or provided meals to children starving to death both in the U.S. and abroad. The truth is, if I’d really wanted to, I could have made the world an amazing place for my kids to grow up in, but instead I went and spent all my time making computers, buying farmland, and being one of the top 10 richest people on the planet. Fucking pathetic.” At press time, Gates added that if he could do it all over again, he would focus less on the money and more on his family, friends, and the underage girls on Jeffrey Epstein’s island. 
182	Jon	4	Bill Gates Ponders What He Could Have Accomplished If He Didn’t Waste Time Becoming Billionaire  MEDINA, WA—Calling everything he had done in his life and career up to this point in time “absolutely worthless,” Bill Gates told reporters Friday that he wondered what he could have accomplished if he didn’t waste time becoming a billionaire. “It’s sad to think about, but I ultimately could have done some truly amazing things with my life if I hadn’t spent every waking minute accumulating absolutely ungodly amounts of wealth,” said the Gates Foundation co-chair, adding that he had so many opportunities to do things like end world hunger and eradicate poverty, but instead he opted to piss his time away focusing on acquiring and hoarding over $118 billion. “With the kind of fortune I have, I know deep down that I easily could have ended climate change, promoted human rights, or provided meals to children starving to death both in the U.S. and abroad. The truth is, if I’d really wanted to, I could have made the world an amazing place for my kids to grow up in, but instead I went and spent all my time making computers, buying farmland, and being one of the top 10 richest people on the planet. Fucking pathetic.” At press time, Gates added that if he could do it all over again, he would focus less on the money and more on his family, friends, and the underage girls on Jeffrey Epstein’s island. 
183	Larry	4	Herschel Walker Scrambles To Collect Dozens Of Fetuses That Fell Out Of Pants Pocket  ATLANTA—Crawling on his hands and knees in an attempt to scoop up as many as he could before anyone at the campaign event noticed, Georgia Senate candidate Herschel Walker was reportedly scrambling to collect dozens of fetuses that fell out of his pants pockets, sources confirmed Tuesday. “Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit,” said Walker, who stuffed handfuls of the embryos down his sleeves and into his shirt, while kicking a few others under a table where they would be out of view. “I’m all good over here, I just dropped, uh, a few personal things. Jesus Christ, I think I stepped on this one. That’s definitely going in the garbage. Hey, this one isn’t a fetus, this one’s just a little smokie.” At press time, Walker watched in horror as a fetus slipped out of his grasp and landed with a splash in the punch bowl. 
183	Jon	3	Herschel Walker Scrambles To Collect Dozens Of Fetuses That Fell Out Of Pants Pocket  ATLANTA—Crawling on his hands and knees in an attempt to scoop up as many as he could before anyone at the campaign event noticed, Georgia Senate candidate Herschel Walker was reportedly scrambling to collect dozens of fetuses that fell out of his pants pockets, sources confirmed Tuesday. “Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit,” said Walker, who stuffed handfuls of the embryos down his sleeves and into his shirt, while kicking a few others under a table where they would be out of view. “I’m all good over here, I just dropped, uh, a few personal things. Jesus Christ, I think I stepped on this one. That’s definitely going in the garbage. Hey, this one isn’t a fetus, this one’s just a little smokie.” At press time, Walker watched in horror as a fetus slipped out of his grasp and landed with a splash in the punch bowl. 
184	Larry	5	SWAT Team Busts Down Door Of Denver Woman’s Home To Apologize For Previous Raid  DENVER—After local woman Ruby Johnson filed a lawsuit claiming police had conducted an illegal search when they entered her home by mistake earlier this year, a Denver SWAT team broke down a door with a battering ram Tuesday to apologize for the previous botched raid. “Put your hands on the back of your head and come out where we can see you well enough to say we’re sorry!” Detective Gary Staab said over a loudspeaker as he tossed a stun grenade through a window and led a dozen heavily armed officers through a back entrance, ordering men with laser-sighted rifles to clear the rooms one by one so the location could be secured for an expression of remorse. “You will be subdued and made to comply as we search this place from top to bottom for a suitable location to leave our apology card and gift bag. We have the house surrounded, and if we cannot make amends, we will be forced to open fire!” At press time, the SWAT team reportedly realized they had again made a mistake, accidentally storming the home of a woman who lived a few doors down from Johnson.  
184	Jon	4	SWAT Team Busts Down Door Of Denver Woman’s Home To Apologize For Previous Raid  DENVER—After local woman Ruby Johnson filed a lawsuit claiming police had conducted an illegal search when they entered her home by mistake earlier this year, a Denver SWAT team broke down a door with a battering ram Tuesday to apologize for the previous botched raid. “Put your hands on the back of your head and come out where we can see you well enough to say we’re sorry!” Detective Gary Staab said over a loudspeaker as he tossed a stun grenade through a window and led a dozen heavily armed officers through a back entrance, ordering men with laser-sighted rifles to clear the rooms one by one so the location could be secured for an expression of remorse. “You will be subdued and made to comply as we search this place from top to bottom for a suitable location to leave our apology card and gift bag. We have the house surrounded, and if we cannot make amends, we will be forced to open fire!” At press time, the SWAT team reportedly realized they had again made a mistake, accidentally storming the home of a woman who lived a few doors down from Johnson.  
185	Larry	5	Police Chief Vows Officer Accused Of Misconduct Will Receive Harshest Possible Nickname  MINNEAPOLIS—Assuring the public his department would never allow severe misconduct to go unpunished, the chief of police in Minneapolis vowed Monday that officer Bill Branum, who recently shot and killed an unarmed civilian during a traffic stop, would receive the harshest possible nickname. “We wholeheartedly condemn the actions of this officer, and we will make that clear to him going forward by always referring to him  as ‘Mr. Jumpy’ while pretending to quickly reach for our guns,” said Chief Dennis McDonald, explaining that everyone in the precinct house or locker room would then laugh and make shooting noises with finger guns as a way to playfully “bust the balls” of the officer who, with no justifiable cause, drew his service weapon and fired 15 rounds into a 27-year-old father of three. “This running joke will continue in a light and jovial tone throughout the officer’s career, remaining in effect until he retires with a full pension in a few years. It reflects a policy that has already been implemented for numerous other members of the force, including Ol’ Chokey, Sgt. Head Cracker, and the Wife Beater Brothers. Rest assured, Officer Branum will never live this down. Isn’t that right, Mr. Jumpy?” McDonald went on to acknowledge that he had once been administered a nickname himself, and that’s why everyone in the department knew him as Chief Racist Murderer Guy. 
185	Jon	5	Police Chief Vows Officer Accused Of Misconduct Will Receive Harshest Possible Nickname  MINNEAPOLIS—Assuring the public his department would never allow severe misconduct to go unpunished, the chief of police in Minneapolis vowed Monday that officer Bill Branum, who recently shot and killed an unarmed civilian during a traffic stop, would receive the harshest possible nickname. “We wholeheartedly condemn the actions of this officer, and we will make that clear to him going forward by always referring to him  as ‘Mr. Jumpy’ while pretending to quickly reach for our guns,” said Chief Dennis McDonald, explaining that everyone in the precinct house or locker room would then laugh and make shooting noises with finger guns as a way to playfully “bust the balls” of the officer who, with no justifiable cause, drew his service weapon and fired 15 rounds into a 27-year-old father of three. “This running joke will continue in a light and jovial tone throughout the officer’s career, remaining in effect until he retires with a full pension in a few years. It reflects a policy that has already been implemented for numerous other members of the force, including Ol’ Chokey, Sgt. Head Cracker, and the Wife Beater Brothers. Rest assured, Officer Branum will never live this down. Isn’t that right, Mr. Jumpy?” McDonald went on to acknowledge that he had once been administered a nickname himself, and that’s why everyone in the department knew him as Chief Racist Murderer Guy. 
186	Larry	5	Whites Ousted From Role As Master Race After Racist Past Comes To Light  NEW YORK—In a remarkable turn of events that forced them to immediately surrender their long-held position of supremacy,  white people were reportedly ousted as the master race Wednesday after their racist past came to light. “Today’s revelations of bigoted and xenophobic behavior suggest whites cannot possibly remain superior to all other humans, and so we have asked them to step down from their position at the top of the racial hierarchy,” said U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres, acknowledging that whites exhibited conduct that was wholly unbecoming of the master race and that his own European forebears had engaged in widespread colonialism, slavery, and oppression over many hundreds of years. “A genetically pure race at the forefront of all civilization has to be a group of people we can take seriously, and with their petty, ignorant hatreds, white people hardly fit the bill. Perhaps they may be reinstated as the dominant race at some point in the future, but for now they need to think long and hard about how they can wield their white power in a positive way.” At press time, the United Nations announced that Polynesians had been named interim master race until a permanent replacement could be found. 
186	Jon	5	Whites Ousted From Role As Master Race After Racist Past Comes To Light  NEW YORK—In a remarkable turn of events that forced them to immediately surrender their long-held position of supremacy,  white people were reportedly ousted as the master race Wednesday after their racist past came to light. “Today’s revelations of bigoted and xenophobic behavior suggest whites cannot possibly remain superior to all other humans, and so we have asked them to step down from their position at the top of the racial hierarchy,” said U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres, acknowledging that whites exhibited conduct that was wholly unbecoming of the master race and that his own European forebears had engaged in widespread colonialism, slavery, and oppression over many hundreds of years. “A genetically pure race at the forefront of all civilization has to be a group of people we can take seriously, and with their petty, ignorant hatreds, white people hardly fit the bill. Perhaps they may be reinstated as the dominant race at some point in the future, but for now they need to think long and hard about how they can wield their white power in a positive way.” At press time, the United Nations announced that Polynesians had been named interim master race until a permanent replacement could be found. 
187	Larry	4	New Sponsored Google Maps Feature Directs Every Driver To Denny’s  MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA—Stating that the component would be available in the app’s next software update, Alphabet announced Wednesday the release of a new sponsored Google Maps feature that directs every driver to Denny’s. “No matter what destination the user types in, this new promotional tool will automatically reroute them to the restaurant chain’s nearest Denny’s location,” said Christopher Phillips, head of Geo at Google, adding that the app would also alert the user when they are within 20 miles of a Denny’s and offer directions to take them there immediately. “Once you’re at Denny’s, it’s up to you what you do, but we recommend ordering the Cinnamon Roll Pancake Breakfast or the classic Moons Over My Hammy. The app will also obscure all competitors to give the user the most convenient access to their nearest Denny’s, even if it’s a 17-hour drive to get that delicious egg, bacon, ham, and cheese Grand Slamwich.” Phillips added that developers were already looking into creating future sponsored self-driving technology that would lock the user in their car and take them directly to Denny’s whether they wanted to go or not. 
187	Jon	4	New Sponsored Google Maps Feature Directs Every Driver To Denny’s  MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA—Stating that the component would be available in the app’s next software update, Alphabet announced Wednesday the release of a new sponsored Google Maps feature that directs every driver to Denny’s. “No matter what destination the user types in, this new promotional tool will automatically reroute them to the restaurant chain’s nearest Denny’s location,” said Christopher Phillips, head of Geo at Google, adding that the app would also alert the user when they are within 20 miles of a Denny’s and offer directions to take them there immediately. “Once you’re at Denny’s, it’s up to you what you do, but we recommend ordering the Cinnamon Roll Pancake Breakfast or the classic Moons Over My Hammy. The app will also obscure all competitors to give the user the most convenient access to their nearest Denny’s, even if it’s a 17-hour drive to get that delicious egg, bacon, ham, and cheese Grand Slamwich.” Phillips added that developers were already looking into creating future sponsored self-driving technology that would lock the user in their car and take them directly to Denny’s whether they wanted to go or not. 
188	Larry	3	CEOs Explain Why Their Brands Stopped Advertising On Elon Musk’s Twitter  At least 50 of Twitter’s top 100 advertisers have left the platform since Elon Musk bought the social media site. The Onion asked prominent CEOs why their brands are no longer advertising on Twitter, and here’s what they said. “Having known Musk my entire life, I can say he simply lacks the proper temperament and critical judgment to lead Twitter—let alone any of his other companies.” “Musk is contributing to the rise of right-wing violence in America, and we at CNN feel like that’s competing too much with our brand.” “The future of social networking is Jeep.com.” “Twitter advertising was shown to cause brain bleeding in early clinical trials.” “The BlackRock name is beloved. That’s not something we want to lose.” “Honestly, Elon Musk aside, there’s just no reason to advertise the iPhone anymore because everyone already knows what it is.” “If there’s one megalomaniac tech mogul who is going to empower white supremacists and throw the United States into a bloody, violent culture war, it’s going to be me.” “We’re still on thin ice from all the World War II Nazi stuff.” “That’s where all the scary union thugs hang out.” “We don’t want everything happening on Twitter to distract suburban whites from our mid-tier bastardizations of Mexican cuisine.” “I just used up all my advertising budget on supporting a different multimillionaire sex offender.” “We had no idea we were still in business, let alone putting out advertisements.” “That place is a hellhole. You’d have to be out of your mind to be associated with it now.” “We don’t have the data back yet, but we’re pretty sure breakfast is more of a meal for Facebook users.” “I personally was offended by Musk copying our model of shamelessly providing terrible service.” “I’m not sure why I was running nationwide social media ads in the first place when my customers are all in and around Draper, UT.” “I just feel there are more effective ways to get regular people hooked on expensive pharmaceuticals than through Twitter.” “Too tempting to make Mr. Peanut tweet the N-word.” “We didn’t, we just changed our display name to ‘Blue Sky Green Earth Climate Initiative’ so more people would click.” “I suspect Elon doesn’t wear our nice Chanel shirts, and if he’s not wearing our nice Chanel shirts, how can I believe that he’ll do a good job advertising our nice Chanel shirts?” “Our in-house data found that under Musk there’s been an 800% rise in hate speech against our beloved Apple Jacks cereal.” “What? I can’t hear you over my empire of box fans.” “Necco Wafers needs to preserve its bad boy reputation as a brand that likes to say ‘fuck’ and ‘cum,’ and we can’t trust Elon not to ban us for that sort of stuff.” “We’re taking our business to 8chan.” “Moderation is key to revenue growth in social media platforms. We’ve seen this time and again. Free speech absolutism is not a meaningful position in this case, and seems to indicate an individual who has not clearly thought through such a position’s ramifications for the quality and character of online speech.” “The last time I drove a Tesla it called me a pedophile and drove off a cliff.” “Oreos are already the preferred cookie of avowed Nazis. We don’t need Twitter’s help solidifying that.” Things Former Twitter Employees Said About Elon Musk That Got Them Fired Elon Musk’s Rules Of ‘Insane Productivity’ That Were Sent To All Twitter Employees Most Brilliant Ways Elon Musk Plans To Make Twitter Profitable Back To Homepage 
188	Jon	3	CEOs Explain Why Their Brands Stopped Advertising On Elon Musk’s Twitter  At least 50 of Twitter’s top 100 advertisers have left the platform since Elon Musk bought the social media site. The Onion asked prominent CEOs why their brands are no longer advertising on Twitter, and here’s what they said. “Having known Musk my entire life, I can say he simply lacks the proper temperament and critical judgment to lead Twitter—let alone any of his other companies.” “Musk is contributing to the rise of right-wing violence in America, and we at CNN feel like that’s competing too much with our brand.” “The future of social networking is Jeep.com.” “Twitter advertising was shown to cause brain bleeding in early clinical trials.” “The BlackRock name is beloved. That’s not something we want to lose.” “Honestly, Elon Musk aside, there’s just no reason to advertise the iPhone anymore because everyone already knows what it is.” “If there’s one megalomaniac tech mogul who is going to empower white supremacists and throw the United States into a bloody, violent culture war, it’s going to be me.” “We’re still on thin ice from all the World War II Nazi stuff.” “That’s where all the scary union thugs hang out.” “We don’t want everything happening on Twitter to distract suburban whites from our mid-tier bastardizations of Mexican cuisine.” “I just used up all my advertising budget on supporting a different multimillionaire sex offender.” “We had no idea we were still in business, let alone putting out advertisements.” “That place is a hellhole. You’d have to be out of your mind to be associated with it now.” “We don’t have the data back yet, but we’re pretty sure breakfast is more of a meal for Facebook users.” “I personally was offended by Musk copying our model of shamelessly providing terrible service.” “I’m not sure why I was running nationwide social media ads in the first place when my customers are all in and around Draper, UT.” “I just feel there are more effective ways to get regular people hooked on expensive pharmaceuticals than through Twitter.” “Too tempting to make Mr. Peanut tweet the N-word.” “We didn’t, we just changed our display name to ‘Blue Sky Green Earth Climate Initiative’ so more people would click.” “I suspect Elon doesn’t wear our nice Chanel shirts, and if he’s not wearing our nice Chanel shirts, how can I believe that he’ll do a good job advertising our nice Chanel shirts?” “Our in-house data found that under Musk there’s been an 800% rise in hate speech against our beloved Apple Jacks cereal.” “What? I can’t hear you over my empire of box fans.” “Necco Wafers needs to preserve its bad boy reputation as a brand that likes to say ‘fuck’ and ‘cum,’ and we can’t trust Elon not to ban us for that sort of stuff.” “We’re taking our business to 8chan.” “Moderation is key to revenue growth in social media platforms. We’ve seen this time and again. Free speech absolutism is not a meaningful position in this case, and seems to indicate an individual who has not clearly thought through such a position’s ramifications for the quality and character of online speech.” “The last time I drove a Tesla it called me a pedophile and drove off a cliff.” “Oreos are already the preferred cookie of avowed Nazis. We don’t need Twitter’s help solidifying that.” Things Former Twitter Employees Said About Elon Musk That Got Them Fired Elon Musk’s Rules Of ‘Insane Productivity’ That Were Sent To All Twitter Employees Most Brilliant Ways Elon Musk Plans To Make Twitter Profitable Back To Homepage 
189	Larry	3	Study Links Stress To Desperately Grasping For Out-Of-Reach Weapon As Villain Approaches  CAMBRIDGE, MA—A new study published Wednesday in the Journal Of Behavioral Medicine has found evidence of a direct link between stress and one’s desperate attempts, when a villain is approaching, to grasp a weapon that’s just out of reach. “Cortisol levels in the brain increased dramatically in study participants who were stretching as far they could, struggling to get their hand on a knife or a gun that was inches away from their fingertips and was needed for defense against a person coming to kill them,” said Harvard University neuropsychologist Louis Bhabha, co-author of the study that showed anxiety and physical tension increased as the villain drew closer and peaked when the villain kicked the weapon to a far corner of the room just as the victim’s hand was about to get purchase on it. “Similarly, heart rate and blood pressure rose in people who were under attack and, though they were very close to it, could not quite grab hold of a two-by-four or broken bottle—either because they were pinned under debris or because they were forced to slide themselves across the floor due to a leg injury sustained earlier in the struggle.” Bhabha added that researchers saw an immediate decrease in stress levels when the participant’s sidekick, believed to be dead or incapacitated, had shown up at the last second to kill the villain and save the day. 
189	Jon	4	Study Links Stress To Desperately Grasping For Out-Of-Reach Weapon As Villain Approaches  CAMBRIDGE, MA—A new study published Wednesday in the Journal Of Behavioral Medicine has found evidence of a direct link between stress and one’s desperate attempts, when a villain is approaching, to grasp a weapon that’s just out of reach. “Cortisol levels in the brain increased dramatically in study participants who were stretching as far they could, struggling to get their hand on a knife or a gun that was inches away from their fingertips and was needed for defense against a person coming to kill them,” said Harvard University neuropsychologist Louis Bhabha, co-author of the study that showed anxiety and physical tension increased as the villain drew closer and peaked when the villain kicked the weapon to a far corner of the room just as the victim’s hand was about to get purchase on it. “Similarly, heart rate and blood pressure rose in people who were under attack and, though they were very close to it, could not quite grab hold of a two-by-four or broken bottle—either because they were pinned under debris or because they were forced to slide themselves across the floor due to a leg injury sustained earlier in the struggle.” Bhabha added that researchers saw an immediate decrease in stress levels when the participant’s sidekick, believed to be dead or incapacitated, had shown up at the last second to kill the villain and save the day. 
190	Larry	5	God Reveals Frogs’ Mouths Designed Specifically To Feel Awesome On Penis  THE HEAVENS—Describing the sensation as the most pleasurable experience in the universe, God Almighty, Our Lord and Savior, revealed Monday that He specifically designed the mouths of frogs to feel awesome on a human penis. “When I, the Heavenly Father, created frogs nearly 6,000 years ago, I did so because I wanted humans to stick their genitals inside their big, wet mouths and feel a deep, sexual gratification unmatched anywhere else on earth,” said the all-knowing, all-seeing Creator of the Universe, adding that He specifically designed frogs with tight yet inflatable throats; wide, moist mouths; and powerful tongues to bring humans to deep, repeated orgasms. “Truth be told, while the human vagina feels really good, nothing—and I mean nothing—will ever feel as good as inserting one’s penis into the supple yet muscular mouth of a big old bull frog. Frankly, I’m surprised more of My human creations haven’t picked one up and tried it. At this point, it’s mostly chimps.” God also confirmed that He designed ripe melons to have holes drilled into them and penetrated, socks to be filled with lotion and slid over the penis, and dogs that love peanut butter specifically so they could lick it off human genitals. 
190	Jon	5	God Reveals Frogs’ Mouths Designed Specifically To Feel Awesome On Penis  THE HEAVENS—Describing the sensation as the most pleasurable experience in the universe, God Almighty, Our Lord and Savior, revealed Monday that He specifically designed the mouths of frogs to feel awesome on a human penis. “When I, the Heavenly Father, created frogs nearly 6,000 years ago, I did so because I wanted humans to stick their genitals inside their big, wet mouths and feel a deep, sexual gratification unmatched anywhere else on earth,” said the all-knowing, all-seeing Creator of the Universe, adding that He specifically designed frogs with tight yet inflatable throats; wide, moist mouths; and powerful tongues to bring humans to deep, repeated orgasms. “Truth be told, while the human vagina feels really good, nothing—and I mean nothing—will ever feel as good as inserting one’s penis into the supple yet muscular mouth of a big old bull frog. Frankly, I’m surprised more of My human creations haven’t picked one up and tried it. At this point, it’s mostly chimps.” God also confirmed that He designed ripe melons to have holes drilled into them and penetrated, socks to be filled with lotion and slid over the penis, and dogs that love peanut butter specifically so they could lick it off human genitals. 
191	Larry	3	Usain Bolt Recalls Discovering Talent For Running Through Corporate Wellness Challenge  KINGSTON, JAMAICA—Crediting the workplace competition with changing the entire course of his life, eight-time Olympic gold medalist Usain Bolt recalled Monday how he first discovered his talent for running through a corporate wellness challenge at his first job. “I never even liked working out until I got an email announcing the whole company was going to do a six-week fitness challenge to get healthier,” said Bolt, who shared that before becoming a world-record holding sprinter, he worked as a project manager at Salesforce and had never even set foot in a gym. “At first I was trying to get away with really easy stuff like walking, but then I started running when I saw it would earn me more ‘fit points.’ I’m glad I did because it turned out I could go really fast. I would like to thank the HR department for unlocking the potential within me. I lost more than 20 pounds, too.” At press time, Bolt added that despite all his achievements, nothing would ever match that high of winning a free Vitamix. 
191	Jon	4	Usain Bolt Recalls Discovering Talent For Running Through Corporate Wellness Challenge  KINGSTON, JAMAICA—Crediting the workplace competition with changing the entire course of his life, eight-time Olympic gold medalist Usain Bolt recalled Monday how he first discovered his talent for running through a corporate wellness challenge at his first job. “I never even liked working out until I got an email announcing the whole company was going to do a six-week fitness challenge to get healthier,” said Bolt, who shared that before becoming a world-record holding sprinter, he worked as a project manager at Salesforce and had never even set foot in a gym. “At first I was trying to get away with really easy stuff like walking, but then I started running when I saw it would earn me more ‘fit points.’ I’m glad I did because it turned out I could go really fast. I would like to thank the HR department for unlocking the potential within me. I lost more than 20 pounds, too.” At press time, Bolt added that despite all his achievements, nothing would ever match that high of winning a free Vitamix. 
192	Larry	3	Rising Conservative Star Just Guy Wearing Nazi Armband And Crying  AUSTIN, TX—A star who has experienced a meteoric rise in right-wing circles, 28-year-old conservative phenom Mason Finley is  known solely for wearing a Nazi armband and crying, sources confirmed Tuesday. “Finley amassed millions of conservative viewers on his Discord channel, where the up-and-coming young GOP figure uploaded videos in which he is seen sobbing alone in a room as he sits with a swastika strapped to his arm,” said Republican strategist Gary Woodfall, claiming that despite being virtually unknown even a few months ago, the teary-eyed young man who wears Nazi memorabilia has already appeared at CPAC as well as Turning Point USA summits. “Something about the way he never stops crying and openly identifies as a Nazi has really struck a chord with the GOP rank and file. They see a lot of themselves in Finley when he blubbers and gives his weak little ‘Sieg heil’ salutes.” At press time, Finley’s popularity within the Republican Party had reportedly reached a fever pitch after he was seen bawling his eyes out and getting an SS symbol tattooed on his neck. 
192	Jon	4	Rising Conservative Star Just Guy Wearing Nazi Armband And Crying  AUSTIN, TX—A star who has experienced a meteoric rise in right-wing circles, 28-year-old conservative phenom Mason Finley is  known solely for wearing a Nazi armband and crying, sources confirmed Tuesday. “Finley amassed millions of conservative viewers on his Discord channel, where the up-and-coming young GOP figure uploaded videos in which he is seen sobbing alone in a room as he sits with a swastika strapped to his arm,” said Republican strategist Gary Woodfall, claiming that despite being virtually unknown even a few months ago, the teary-eyed young man who wears Nazi memorabilia has already appeared at CPAC as well as Turning Point USA summits. “Something about the way he never stops crying and openly identifies as a Nazi has really struck a chord with the GOP rank and file. They see a lot of themselves in Finley when he blubbers and gives his weak little ‘Sieg heil’ salutes.” At press time, Finley’s popularity within the Republican Party had reportedly reached a fever pitch after he was seen bawling his eyes out and getting an SS symbol tattooed on his neck. 
193	Larry	3	Archaeologists Discover Early Humans Developed Shelter To Provide Passive Income Stream For Landlords  FINCHA HABERA, ETHIOPIA—Archaeologists on-site at the Fincha Habera rock shelter in the Bale Mountains of Ethiopia announced new findings Tuesday that allegedly prove early humans originally developed shelter as a means of earning passive income for landlords. “Analysis of new artifacts found near these ancient human shelters seems to reveal that the early humans who lived inside did not own the properties,” said lead researcher Professor Kenneth Brownfield, adding that further investigation led to the theory that all shelters within a 20-mile radius belonged to one out-of-work early human who didn’t much care for hunting or gathering. “These lazy but respected elders of the community appear to be the entire reason why early human cultures invented both shelter and currency, with the underlings giving away large monthly sums of their hard-earned meat and berries in exchange for a hassle-free stay in one of these rock structures. We found newly uncovered fossils of demarcated leaves that show clear terms of a primitive lease agreement, with stipulations about not painting the cave walls or placing anything besides toilet parchment inside the waste hole. The owner of the development, however, lived on the nicer side of the mountain, where the monthly offerings were delivered on a six-day journey via donkey, lest the tenants incur a late fee of 20 leech bites.” Brownfield added that many roaming peoples of the time were seemingly only nomadic due to a lack of credit. 
193	Jon	5	Archaeologists Discover Early Humans Developed Shelter To Provide Passive Income Stream For Landlords  FINCHA HABERA, ETHIOPIA—Archaeologists on-site at the Fincha Habera rock shelter in the Bale Mountains of Ethiopia announced new findings Tuesday that allegedly prove early humans originally developed shelter as a means of earning passive income for landlords. “Analysis of new artifacts found near these ancient human shelters seems to reveal that the early humans who lived inside did not own the properties,” said lead researcher Professor Kenneth Brownfield, adding that further investigation led to the theory that all shelters within a 20-mile radius belonged to one out-of-work early human who didn’t much care for hunting or gathering. “These lazy but respected elders of the community appear to be the entire reason why early human cultures invented both shelter and currency, with the underlings giving away large monthly sums of their hard-earned meat and berries in exchange for a hassle-free stay in one of these rock structures. We found newly uncovered fossils of demarcated leaves that show clear terms of a primitive lease agreement, with stipulations about not painting the cave walls or placing anything besides toilet parchment inside the waste hole. The owner of the development, however, lived on the nicer side of the mountain, where the monthly offerings were delivered on a six-day journey via donkey, lest the tenants incur a late fee of 20 leech bites.” Brownfield added that many roaming peoples of the time were seemingly only nomadic due to a lack of credit. 
194	Larry	2	Biden Delivers State Of The Union  President Biden, two years into his term and facing a Republican-led House for the first time, delivered his State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress last night. What did you think of the speech? “There wasn’t enough groveling to me specifically.” Russ Melendez, Unemployed “I hope I’m giving State of the Union speeches that good when I’m 80.” Kelly DiToma, Confection Expert “He puts on a good show, but everyone knows he’s lip-syncing.” Griffith Feldman, Clock Resetter 
194	Jon	2	Biden Delivers State Of The Union  President Biden, two years into his term and facing a Republican-led House for the first time, delivered his State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress last night. What did you think of the speech? “There wasn’t enough groveling to me specifically.” Russ Melendez, Unemployed “I hope I’m giving State of the Union speeches that good when I’m 80.” Kelly DiToma, Confection Expert “He puts on a good show, but everyone knows he’s lip-syncing.” Griffith Feldman, Clock Resetter 
195	Larry	2	Onion Sports’ NFL Week 15 Picks  Onion Sports shares its expert analysis on the teams that will come away with victory in the NFL’s week 15 games. 49ers: San Francisco rookie quarter Brock Purdy has displayed an incredible amount of toughness, playing through injuries as well as suffering through the brutality of watching Jimmy Garoppolo on the field. Vikings: Matt Ryan has a proven ability to put the ball in the hands of any number of opposing teams’ cornerbacks. Ravens: Expect a completely desperate DeShaun Watson to beg his teammates for a quick tug job in the huddle. Bills: Miami head coach Mike McDaniel will have trouble managing the game after being stuffed into a locker earlier in the day by his own players. Saints: With a win here, watch for Saints QB Andy Dalton to prove why he’s still the best option to lead your team to a 7-9 season. Eagles: Chicago will fail to slowdown the Eagles high-power offense with long winded stories about winning the Super Bowl in 1985. Jets: Expect the Lions to rebound from their two game winning streak and get back on track with a loss. Panthers: With Pittsburgh’s rookie quarterback injured, expect Steelers backup Mitchell Trubisky to prove beyond a doubt that he has a strong future on the bench. Jaguars: An impressive performance against the Titans in week 14 has Trevor Lawrence more motivated than ever to request a trade. Texans: Houston can score a surprise win over Kansas City provided they discover some kind of magical amulet or talisman or something. Cardinals: Look, at this point even the phrase “Broncos Country, Let’s Ride” is embarrassed to be uttered from Russell Wilson’s mouth. Patriots: Bill Belichick has finally eased into a rhythm of making daily phone calls pleading with Tom Brady to come back. Chargers: In the midst of a three-game losing streak, Tennessee is still looking for the right person to fire. Bengals: Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady will have his hands full trying to evade law enforcement coming to subpoena him over his FTX endorsements. Commanders: Dan Snyder’s Commanders have been one of the surprise success stories this NFL season, and proof that sometimes good things do happen to good people. Packers: Aaron Rodgers will win this quarterback duel, while coming to a draw in debating various teammates about eugenics. 
195	Jon	2	Onion Sports’ NFL Week 15 Picks  Onion Sports shares its expert analysis on the teams that will come away with victory in the NFL’s week 15 games. 49ers: San Francisco rookie quarter Brock Purdy has displayed an incredible amount of toughness, playing through injuries as well as suffering through the brutality of watching Jimmy Garoppolo on the field. Vikings: Matt Ryan has a proven ability to put the ball in the hands of any number of opposing teams’ cornerbacks. Ravens: Expect a completely desperate DeShaun Watson to beg his teammates for a quick tug job in the huddle. Bills: Miami head coach Mike McDaniel will have trouble managing the game after being stuffed into a locker earlier in the day by his own players. Saints: With a win here, watch for Saints QB Andy Dalton to prove why he’s still the best option to lead your team to a 7-9 season. Eagles: Chicago will fail to slowdown the Eagles high-power offense with long winded stories about winning the Super Bowl in 1985. Jets: Expect the Lions to rebound from their two game winning streak and get back on track with a loss. Panthers: With Pittsburgh’s rookie quarterback injured, expect Steelers backup Mitchell Trubisky to prove beyond a doubt that he has a strong future on the bench. Jaguars: An impressive performance against the Titans in week 14 has Trevor Lawrence more motivated than ever to request a trade. Texans: Houston can score a surprise win over Kansas City provided they discover some kind of magical amulet or talisman or something. Cardinals: Look, at this point even the phrase “Broncos Country, Let’s Ride” is embarrassed to be uttered from Russell Wilson’s mouth. Patriots: Bill Belichick has finally eased into a rhythm of making daily phone calls pleading with Tom Brady to come back. Chargers: In the midst of a three-game losing streak, Tennessee is still looking for the right person to fire. Bengals: Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady will have his hands full trying to evade law enforcement coming to subpoena him over his FTX endorsements. Commanders: Dan Snyder’s Commanders have been one of the surprise success stories this NFL season, and proof that sometimes good things do happen to good people. Packers: Aaron Rodgers will win this quarterback duel, while coming to a draw in debating various teammates about eugenics. 
196	Larry	4	Elon Musk Criticized For Firing So Many Employees Rather Than Spending Decades Grinding Them Down  SAN FRANCISCO—Drawing widespread condemnation for failing to abide by industry standard practices, Twitter CEO Elon Musk courted criticism Monday for firing thousands of employees at once rather than spending decades grinding them down into unrecognizable husks of their former selves. “It’s absolutely appalling that Elon would lay off the majority of his workforce in one go when he could have chosen to erode their self-worth with years of humiliation and unhinged business decisions” said tech CEO Tyler Novack, who joined thousands in the sector in objecting to Musk’s choice to terminate most of Twitter’s workers on the spot and thereby give up the opportunity to exploit them during their most productive years, gradually breaking their spirits with insults and fear tactics and eventually tossing aside their drained bodies years from now like so much garbage. “Don’t get me wrong: I get the temptation to subject your workers to insane mind games that leave them feeling like their livelihood could be wiped out by the whims of a megalomaniac. But you want to draw that out for years—that’s what’s so delicious about it. That’s what gets you hard. That’s what makes you feel like a god. The way Elon’s conducting himself is such a clear sign that he doesn’t know how to run a business.” At press time, dozens of traditional business CEOs were reportedly lining up interviews with fired Twitter employees to show Musk how it was done. 
196	Jon	4	Elon Musk Criticized For Firing So Many Employees Rather Than Spending Decades Grinding Them Down  SAN FRANCISCO—Drawing widespread condemnation for failing to abide by industry standard practices, Twitter CEO Elon Musk courted criticism Monday for firing thousands of employees at once rather than spending decades grinding them down into unrecognizable husks of their former selves. “It’s absolutely appalling that Elon would lay off the majority of his workforce in one go when he could have chosen to erode their self-worth with years of humiliation and unhinged business decisions” said tech CEO Tyler Novack, who joined thousands in the sector in objecting to Musk’s choice to terminate most of Twitter’s workers on the spot and thereby give up the opportunity to exploit them during their most productive years, gradually breaking their spirits with insults and fear tactics and eventually tossing aside their drained bodies years from now like so much garbage. “Don’t get me wrong: I get the temptation to subject your workers to insane mind games that leave them feeling like their livelihood could be wiped out by the whims of a megalomaniac. But you want to draw that out for years—that’s what’s so delicious about it. That’s what gets you hard. That’s what makes you feel like a god. The way Elon’s conducting himself is such a clear sign that he doesn’t know how to run a business.” At press time, dozens of traditional business CEOs were reportedly lining up interviews with fired Twitter employees to show Musk how it was done. 
197	Larry	2	Dr. Scholl’s Increases Brand Awareness By Planting Products In Customers’ Purses And Claiming They Stole It  CHICAGO—In  an effort to boost brand awareness among crucial demographic groups,  Dr. Scholl’s confirmed Thursday that they would start planting  their foot care products in customers’ bags and just claiming they stole  it. “What we hope to do is casually drop our gel inserts and orthotics  into a customer’s purse and then tell the nearest employee that we  might’ve seen them pocket something,” said company spokesman William  Huntsman, admitting that loudly exclaiming “Hey, you can’t just take  that Dr. Scholl’s insole!” to a flustered shopper had more potential  than advertisements, billboards, or word of mouth to convince customers  that such products were highly desirable. “Seeing someone get tackled to  the ground by a security guard over a Hot And Cold Foot Massage Ball  that magically appeared in their backpack? That’s going to stay in a  consumer’s mind for years—maybe even decades. It suggests that this  person was driven so mad by the desire to acquire our foot-based pain  relief products that they were willing to risk life and limb. It’s really the  perfect strategy.” Huntsman added that he also envisioned potential  sales from telling the individual that they wouldn’t call the cops if  they just bought the Dr. Scholl’s product. 
197	Jon	2	Dr. Scholl’s Increases Brand Awareness By Planting Products In Customers’ Purses And Claiming They Stole It  CHICAGO—In  an effort to boost brand awareness among crucial demographic groups,  Dr. Scholl’s confirmed Thursday that they would start planting  their foot care products in customers’ bags and just claiming they stole  it. “What we hope to do is casually drop our gel inserts and orthotics  into a customer’s purse and then tell the nearest employee that we  might’ve seen them pocket something,” said company spokesman William  Huntsman, admitting that loudly exclaiming “Hey, you can’t just take  that Dr. Scholl’s insole!” to a flustered shopper had more potential  than advertisements, billboards, or word of mouth to convince customers  that such products were highly desirable. “Seeing someone get tackled to  the ground by a security guard over a Hot And Cold Foot Massage Ball  that magically appeared in their backpack? That’s going to stay in a  consumer’s mind for years—maybe even decades. It suggests that this  person was driven so mad by the desire to acquire our foot-based pain  relief products that they were willing to risk life and limb. It’s really the  perfect strategy.” Huntsman added that he also envisioned potential  sales from telling the individual that they wouldn’t call the cops if  they just bought the Dr. Scholl’s product. 
198	Larry	5	Victorious Senator Vows To Still Fight For Billionaires Who Didn’t Funnel Dark Money Into Campaign  MOCKSVILLE, NC—Pledging that he would work to unite rather than divide following his election victory, Senator-elect Ted Budd (R-NC) vowed Wednesday to still fight for billionaires who didn’t funnel dark money into his campaign. “I want to thank all the ultra-wealthy people who did help me win by donating through a series of opaque political action committees and shadowy advocacy groups, but even if you’re a billionaire or a multimillionaire who didn’t, I promise to pursue your interests while in office anyway,” said Budd, who took in millions from billionaire-funded super PACs in this election cycle and remarked in his victory speech that he hoped the nation’s wealthy elite who shape political campaigns realized they had more things uniting them than dividing them. “I understand that some of the billionaires watching this funneled millions of dollars to my opponent, but today I hope you understand that I am here for the well-being of all titans of industry, executives of major companies, and other influential wealthy figures, not just those whose unregulated special-interest groups won me this election today. As your senator, I hope to earn your trust and, eventually, your dark money.” At press time, Budd promised that regardless of political affiliation, his door was always open to anyone with a net worth over $500 million. 
198	Jon	5	Victorious Senator Vows To Still Fight For Billionaires Who Didn’t Funnel Dark Money Into Campaign  MOCKSVILLE, NC—Pledging that he would work to unite rather than divide following his election victory, Senator-elect Ted Budd (R-NC) vowed Wednesday to still fight for billionaires who didn’t funnel dark money into his campaign. “I want to thank all the ultra-wealthy people who did help me win by donating through a series of opaque political action committees and shadowy advocacy groups, but even if you’re a billionaire or a multimillionaire who didn’t, I promise to pursue your interests while in office anyway,” said Budd, who took in millions from billionaire-funded super PACs in this election cycle and remarked in his victory speech that he hoped the nation’s wealthy elite who shape political campaigns realized they had more things uniting them than dividing them. “I understand that some of the billionaires watching this funneled millions of dollars to my opponent, but today I hope you understand that I am here for the well-being of all titans of industry, executives of major companies, and other influential wealthy figures, not just those whose unregulated special-interest groups won me this election today. As your senator, I hope to earn your trust and, eventually, your dark money.” At press time, Budd promised that regardless of political affiliation, his door was always open to anyone with a net worth over $500 million. 
199	Larry	3	What To Say If Your Boss Asks You To Work On Christmas  If America is going to be a Christian nation, you sure as hell better get the day off. Here’s what to tell your boss if they ask you to work on Christmas day. Maybe some Gift Of The Magi serendipity will soften your boss’ cold heart. Remind your boss that you’re also a sergeant in the ongoing war on Christmas and that you’ll be busy fighting to make sure everyone has an agnostic day on Dec. 25. Your boss won’t ask you to work if they know you’re Mr. Christ himself. Keep them guessing; you don’t owe anyone an explanation. This will guilt him into thinking you still talk to your family. This Christmas, give your employer the gift of labor exploitation. Keep this on the hush-hush, but your boss will happily accept a bribe of one U.S. dollar. It’s important to put that bitch in his place. Yes, LeBron. You always play on Christmas. Even if you’re not Jewish, claiming Judaism as your faith is a foolproof way to stick it to management. An email auto-reply should get your boss off your back for at least an hour or so. The struggle of having two part-time jobs to make ends meet is when they both want to underpay you and make you work on holidays. This might just be easiest if you’re a total kissass. Everyone knows you won’t get a date then anyways. The work is your gift, bum. Don’t be afraid to tell them that you know your worth. Children learn best from an absent parent. Bosses should always be respected. 
199	Jon	3	What To Say If Your Boss Asks You To Work On Christmas  If America is going to be a Christian nation, you sure as hell better get the day off. Here’s what to tell your boss if they ask you to work on Christmas day. Maybe some Gift Of The Magi serendipity will soften your boss’ cold heart. Remind your boss that you’re also a sergeant in the ongoing war on Christmas and that you’ll be busy fighting to make sure everyone has an agnostic day on Dec. 25. Your boss won’t ask you to work if they know you’re Mr. Christ himself. Keep them guessing; you don’t owe anyone an explanation. This will guilt him into thinking you still talk to your family. This Christmas, give your employer the gift of labor exploitation. Keep this on the hush-hush, but your boss will happily accept a bribe of one U.S. dollar. It’s important to put that bitch in his place. Yes, LeBron. You always play on Christmas. Even if you’re not Jewish, claiming Judaism as your faith is a foolproof way to stick it to management. An email auto-reply should get your boss off your back for at least an hour or so. The struggle of having two part-time jobs to make ends meet is when they both want to underpay you and make you work on holidays. This might just be easiest if you’re a total kissass. Everyone knows you won’t get a date then anyways. The work is your gift, bum. Don’t be afraid to tell them that you know your worth. Children learn best from an absent parent. Bosses should always be respected. 
200	Larry	3	Toddler Demands Full Investigation Into Why That Man Has No Hair  KAYSVILLE, UT—Calling on parental authorities to provide him with answers immediately, local toddler Elijah Schmitz demanded a full investigation Monday into why that man over there had no hair. “What happened to that man’s head?” said the 2-year-old Schmitz, who was dogged in his pursuit to get to the bottom of whatever was wrong with the bald stranger sitting at the adjacent table, pulling no punches as he interrogated all witnesses at the scene, including the restaurant server. “That man looks weird. Look, over there. That man right there. Where is all his hair? What happened to it, Mom? I want to touch that weird man’s head.” At press time, the investigation had reportedly closed after Schmitz’s parents gently explained to their son that God was punishing the man.  
200	Jon	3	Toddler Demands Full Investigation Into Why That Man Has No Hair  KAYSVILLE, UT—Calling on parental authorities to provide him with answers immediately, local toddler Elijah Schmitz demanded a full investigation Monday into why that man over there had no hair. “What happened to that man’s head?” said the 2-year-old Schmitz, who was dogged in his pursuit to get to the bottom of whatever was wrong with the bald stranger sitting at the adjacent table, pulling no punches as he interrogated all witnesses at the scene, including the restaurant server. “That man looks weird. Look, over there. That man right there. Where is all his hair? What happened to it, Mom? I want to touch that weird man’s head.” At press time, the investigation had reportedly closed after Schmitz’s parents gently explained to their son that God was punishing the man.  
201	Larry	3	Police Let Jogger Keep Body She Found After No One Claims It Within 90 Days  CHAMPAIGN, IL—After failing to identify the legal owner  within the standard 90 days, police officials announced Thursday that they would allow a local jogger to keep the body she found since no one claimed it. “We held it in lost and found for the mandatory waiting period, but no one turned up to claim it or even reported it missing,” said Chief of Police Dan Michaelson of the rotting Jane Doe corpse that had been tossed in the humid evidence locker for nearly three months, informing the jogger that it was all hers now if she still wanted it. “Most people who find something this valuable would have stolen it—or at least kept a few entrails for themselves. We get a lot of these that are completely empty inside by the time they’re turned in, if they’re brought in at all. So as a token of our appreciation for being a good Samaritan, we want to officially offer you ownership of this putrid torso that has been mostly eaten by maggots. You earned it.” Michaelson went on to reward the jogger’s patience with the bureaucratic process with a free item from the station’s loose limb bin. 
201	Jon	4	Police Let Jogger Keep Body She Found After No One Claims It Within 90 Days  CHAMPAIGN, IL—After failing to identify the legal owner  within the standard 90 days, police officials announced Thursday that they would allow a local jogger to keep the body she found since no one claimed it. “We held it in lost and found for the mandatory waiting period, but no one turned up to claim it or even reported it missing,” said Chief of Police Dan Michaelson of the rotting Jane Doe corpse that had been tossed in the humid evidence locker for nearly three months, informing the jogger that it was all hers now if she still wanted it. “Most people who find something this valuable would have stolen it—or at least kept a few entrails for themselves. We get a lot of these that are completely empty inside by the time they’re turned in, if they’re brought in at all. So as a token of our appreciation for being a good Samaritan, we want to officially offer you ownership of this putrid torso that has been mostly eaten by maggots. You earned it.” Michaelson went on to reward the jogger’s patience with the bureaucratic process with a free item from the station’s loose limb bin. 
202	Larry	5	Conservatives Explain How Woke Culture Is Destroying America  As the culture wars continue to escalate, many have cast the “woke mind virus” as public enemy No. 1. The Onion asked conservatives to explain how woke culture is destroying America, and this is what they said. “It makes people have too much sex or too little sex, I’m not sure which.” “Because of the woke mob, every time I look at teenagers now all I can think about is what genitals they may or may not have. I know I’m not the only one.” “I was in incredible physical shape back before the country went all woke.” “A hundred years ago you’d walk down the street and see at least a dozen fellas playing the spoons. Nowadays? No spoons. That’s the left.” “My child asked me if anything bad has ever happened to anyone ever. As a parent, what am I supposed to say to that?” “The woke mind virus made me addicted to gay pornography.” “It’s had a negligible effect on what we’ve been building, but it’s mildly annoying.” “The public’s obsession with wokeness has resulted in some pretty boring book club selections these past few years.” “All of a sudden I have to watch Aladdin thinking Aladdin is the hero, when we all know that it’s all villains because it’s set in the Middle East.” “Dave Chappelle makes a couple jokes about trans people, and—poof!—he disappears from the face of the earth.” “It’s turning kids into chupacabras, but the mainstream media won’t tell you.” “The world laughs less now that 50-year-olds exclusively expound upon their battles with cancellation.” Woke culture created Hamilton the musical, and now my kids think they can rap-sing like Daveed Diggs. “Gone are the days when people respected law enforcement officers’ need to inflict violence on Black people.” “You can’t even chant ‘Jews will not replace us’ without being called a Nazi by the fascist left.” “I should be the one to decide whether my child learns that slavery has ended.” “Donald Duck is gay now, according to my slash fiction. That’s woke culture for you.” “How can we have a country when we can’t even rationally discuss which races have to go?” Conservatives Explain Why They Are Terrified Of New York City Best Bios From The Conservatives-Only Online Dating Site ‘The Right Stuff’ Conservatives Explain Why They Do Not Trust The FBI Back To Homepage 
202	Jon	5	Conservatives Explain How Woke Culture Is Destroying America  As the culture wars continue to escalate, many have cast the “woke mind virus” as public enemy No. 1. The Onion asked conservatives to explain how woke culture is destroying America, and this is what they said. “It makes people have too much sex or too little sex, I’m not sure which.” “Because of the woke mob, every time I look at teenagers now all I can think about is what genitals they may or may not have. I know I’m not the only one.” “I was in incredible physical shape back before the country went all woke.” “A hundred years ago you’d walk down the street and see at least a dozen fellas playing the spoons. Nowadays? No spoons. That’s the left.” “My child asked me if anything bad has ever happened to anyone ever. As a parent, what am I supposed to say to that?” “The woke mind virus made me addicted to gay pornography.” “It’s had a negligible effect on what we’ve been building, but it’s mildly annoying.” “The public’s obsession with wokeness has resulted in some pretty boring book club selections these past few years.” “All of a sudden I have to watch Aladdin thinking Aladdin is the hero, when we all know that it’s all villains because it’s set in the Middle East.” “Dave Chappelle makes a couple jokes about trans people, and—poof!—he disappears from the face of the earth.” “It’s turning kids into chupacabras, but the mainstream media won’t tell you.” “The world laughs less now that 50-year-olds exclusively expound upon their battles with cancellation.” Woke culture created Hamilton the musical, and now my kids think they can rap-sing like Daveed Diggs. “Gone are the days when people respected law enforcement officers’ need to inflict violence on Black people.” “You can’t even chant ‘Jews will not replace us’ without being called a Nazi by the fascist left.” “I should be the one to decide whether my child learns that slavery has ended.” “Donald Duck is gay now, according to my slash fiction. That’s woke culture for you.” “How can we have a country when we can’t even rationally discuss which races have to go?” Conservatives Explain Why They Are Terrified Of New York City Best Bios From The Conservatives-Only Online Dating Site ‘The Right Stuff’ Conservatives Explain Why They Do Not Trust The FBI Back To Homepage 
203	Larry	4	"Few Animals Harmed In Making Of Film  HOLLYWOOD, CA–Producers of the upcoming Sony Pictures historical epic Genghis Khan assured animal-rights activists Monday that ""practically no animals were harmed in the making of the film."" ""The Humane Society and SPCA will be pleased to know that, of the 1,600-plus horses used in Khan's climactic battle sequence, almost none were injured,"" executive producer David Shell said. ""And of those, only a small handful sustained injuries that could be categorized as, you know, serious."" Shell noted that the albino Siberian tiger used as the beloved pet of Genghis Khan's enemy ""probably would have eventually been beheaded in nature, anyway."" "
203	Jon	4	"Few Animals Harmed In Making Of Film  HOLLYWOOD, CA–Producers of the upcoming Sony Pictures historical epic Genghis Khan assured animal-rights activists Monday that ""practically no animals were harmed in the making of the film."" ""The Humane Society and SPCA will be pleased to know that, of the 1,600-plus horses used in Khan's climactic battle sequence, almost none were injured,"" executive producer David Shell said. ""And of those, only a small handful sustained injuries that could be categorized as, you know, serious."" Shell noted that the albino Siberian tiger used as the beloved pet of Genghis Khan's enemy ""probably would have eventually been beheaded in nature, anyway."" "
204	Larry	2	Rat Mother Accused Of Savoring One Child Over Another  NEW YORK—According to a source huddling nearby in the basement of an apartment building, a local rat mother came under fire Tuesday for allegedly savoring one child over another. “Right now, she has a litter of seven in her burrow, and anyone who’s been over there has seen the way she relishes some of those babies more than others,” said the source, a fellow brown rat who argued that after a mother gives birth to her young, she should taste them all equally, lest some wind up feeling neglected or unflavorful. “The siblings who are devoured with less attention are going to notice, and they’re going to develop inferiority complexes when see how eagerly their mother cannibalizes the ones who happen to have been born a bit plumper.” Observing that such behaviors were passed down from generation to generation, the source added that two months from now the rat mother would probably be savoring one grandchild over another.   
204	Jon	2	Rat Mother Accused Of Savoring One Child Over Another  NEW YORK—According to a source huddling nearby in the basement of an apartment building, a local rat mother came under fire Tuesday for allegedly savoring one child over another. “Right now, she has a litter of seven in her burrow, and anyone who’s been over there has seen the way she relishes some of those babies more than others,” said the source, a fellow brown rat who argued that after a mother gives birth to her young, she should taste them all equally, lest some wind up feeling neglected or unflavorful. “The siblings who are devoured with less attention are going to notice, and they’re going to develop inferiority complexes when see how eagerly their mother cannibalizes the ones who happen to have been born a bit plumper.” Observing that such behaviors were passed down from generation to generation, the source added that two months from now the rat mother would probably be savoring one grandchild over another.   
205	Larry	2	Big, Sloppy Chicken Parm Hovers Alluringly Above Nation  WASHINGTON—Eliciting reactions of wonder and awe in millions of Americans since appearing on the nation’s skyline this week, a giant, sloppy chicken parmesan sandwich continues to hover enticingly above the continental United States with no sign as to its origin or greater purpose, sources across the country are reporting. The gooey and glistening sandwich, which is currently visible on the horizon from every vantage point within the United States, has been hanging inertly above the country for approximately 32 hours, bringing the nation to a near total standstill as government officials and American citizens alike gaze on in rapt fascination. Authorities have also reported at press time that the sandwich appears to feature a mixture of parmesan and mozzarella cheeses in equal proportions. “At this time, we can confirm that the hovering object is a tender chicken parmesan sandwich around 650 miles in diameter and 10 trillion calories in size, with a juicy boneless chicken breast and what appears to be a tangy, homemade marinara sauce,” White House Press Secretary Jay Carney announced in an emergency telecast this morning while keeping both of his eyes trained on the warm, hovering Italian sandwich. “I cannot confirm at this time where the sandwich came from, how long it will remain aloft, or whether or not the breaded chicken cutlet will yield a light, satisfying crunch when bitten into.” “From all indications, though, [the sandwich] looks like a good one—a big, sloppy one,” Carney added. “I like it when they’re a little sloppy.” Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool Experts have estimated that in the first day of the gigantic, messy parm’s arrival, the U.S. economy suffered more than $600 million in lost productivity, in addition to millions of dollars in damages from accidents caused by Americans trying to run or drive toward the sandwich while paying no heed to the obstacles directly in their path. According to federal authorities, the massive, continent-spanning sandwich appears to be pleasingly messy, with the sauce soaking nicely into the toasty, absorbent roll, and the cheese still stringy and not too congealed, although sources were quick to add that “a little bit congealed is fine, too, as long as it’s still warm—really, it’s hard to fuck up a chicken parm too badly.” “Unfortunately, our initial attempts to fly investigators to the surface of the sandwich and take a big ol’ bite have failed,” DHS spokesman John DiClaudino told reporters, explaining that numerous pilots became distracted and flew into the side of the sandwich or simply remained on the tarmac, gaping at its sticky, cheesy layers without ever taking off. “I haven’t had a chicken parm in a while, but man, when they are good they are really good. This one looks like it’s on a toasted Italian roll, too. I love it when they toast the bread. Makes it better.” “I like eggplant parms too,” DiClaudino added. “Not as much as chicken parms, though.” Until such time as the gigantic chicken parm can be contained or consumed, authorities have urged the American populace to cease all regular activity, head outside, and gaze longingly at the majestic expanse of the sandwich. In addition, all government and economic functions have been suspended indefinitely in order for the nation to focus its resources and attention exclusively on the hovering sandwich, which sources reiterated is “a real hot, drippy one—you can tell it was made fresh.” “My fellow Americans, we stand at the threshold of perhaps the most satisfying meal in our nation’s history,” said President Obama in a televised address to the nation this morning. “In fact, I am no longer your president. I am merely another hungry man looking to eat a big, sloppy chicken parm. I would advise all of you to try and bring the sandwich down to earth soon, while it is still warm. I certainly know that’s what I’m going to do. God damn it, is there anything more satisfying than a giant, messy parm that you house in about three minutes flat and that makes you feel absolutely disgusting after eating it but you don’t regret it in the slightest because, Christ, it’s a parm, ya know?” “Sometimes I’ll get a little side order of marinara sauce so I can dip the sandwich in the sauce,” the president added, staring into the sandwich as he walked slowly toward it. 
205	Jon	2	Big, Sloppy Chicken Parm Hovers Alluringly Above Nation  WASHINGTON—Eliciting reactions of wonder and awe in millions of Americans since appearing on the nation’s skyline this week, a giant, sloppy chicken parmesan sandwich continues to hover enticingly above the continental United States with no sign as to its origin or greater purpose, sources across the country are reporting. The gooey and glistening sandwich, which is currently visible on the horizon from every vantage point within the United States, has been hanging inertly above the country for approximately 32 hours, bringing the nation to a near total standstill as government officials and American citizens alike gaze on in rapt fascination. Authorities have also reported at press time that the sandwich appears to feature a mixture of parmesan and mozzarella cheeses in equal proportions. “At this time, we can confirm that the hovering object is a tender chicken parmesan sandwich around 650 miles in diameter and 10 trillion calories in size, with a juicy boneless chicken breast and what appears to be a tangy, homemade marinara sauce,” White House Press Secretary Jay Carney announced in an emergency telecast this morning while keeping both of his eyes trained on the warm, hovering Italian sandwich. “I cannot confirm at this time where the sandwich came from, how long it will remain aloft, or whether or not the breaded chicken cutlet will yield a light, satisfying crunch when bitten into.” “From all indications, though, [the sandwich] looks like a good one—a big, sloppy one,” Carney added. “I like it when they’re a little sloppy.” Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool Experts have estimated that in the first day of the gigantic, messy parm’s arrival, the U.S. economy suffered more than $600 million in lost productivity, in addition to millions of dollars in damages from accidents caused by Americans trying to run or drive toward the sandwich while paying no heed to the obstacles directly in their path. According to federal authorities, the massive, continent-spanning sandwich appears to be pleasingly messy, with the sauce soaking nicely into the toasty, absorbent roll, and the cheese still stringy and not too congealed, although sources were quick to add that “a little bit congealed is fine, too, as long as it’s still warm—really, it’s hard to fuck up a chicken parm too badly.” “Unfortunately, our initial attempts to fly investigators to the surface of the sandwich and take a big ol’ bite have failed,” DHS spokesman John DiClaudino told reporters, explaining that numerous pilots became distracted and flew into the side of the sandwich or simply remained on the tarmac, gaping at its sticky, cheesy layers without ever taking off. “I haven’t had a chicken parm in a while, but man, when they are good they are really good. This one looks like it’s on a toasted Italian roll, too. I love it when they toast the bread. Makes it better.” “I like eggplant parms too,” DiClaudino added. “Not as much as chicken parms, though.” Until such time as the gigantic chicken parm can be contained or consumed, authorities have urged the American populace to cease all regular activity, head outside, and gaze longingly at the majestic expanse of the sandwich. In addition, all government and economic functions have been suspended indefinitely in order for the nation to focus its resources and attention exclusively on the hovering sandwich, which sources reiterated is “a real hot, drippy one—you can tell it was made fresh.” “My fellow Americans, we stand at the threshold of perhaps the most satisfying meal in our nation’s history,” said President Obama in a televised address to the nation this morning. “In fact, I am no longer your president. I am merely another hungry man looking to eat a big, sloppy chicken parm. I would advise all of you to try and bring the sandwich down to earth soon, while it is still warm. I certainly know that’s what I’m going to do. God damn it, is there anything more satisfying than a giant, messy parm that you house in about three minutes flat and that makes you feel absolutely disgusting after eating it but you don’t regret it in the slightest because, Christ, it’s a parm, ya know?” “Sometimes I’ll get a little side order of marinara sauce so I can dip the sandwich in the sauce,” the president added, staring into the sandwich as he walked slowly toward it. 
206	Larry	5	City Hopes Building Freeway Through White Neighborhood Can Count As Reparations  LOS ANGELES—Arguing that the move would technically help decrease inequality across the city, members of the Los Angeles City Council announced Thursday that they hoped building a freeway through a white neighborhood could count as reparations. “We hate to ask, but is there any way that expanding a highway through a traditionally Caucasian, middle-class neighborhood could be considered repayment for past racial injustice?” asked city council member Tina Slater, adding that building the massive six-lane road was guaranteed to evict hundreds of white families, bulldoze several white-owned homes, and damage the health of the remaining white families for generations to come. “We know this can never truly make up for the crimes committed against African American residents, but  it will definitely help bring everyone down to the same dire economic circumstances. No, there won’t be any direct repayment to Black families per-se, but you’ll get a front row seat to a bunch of white people having their financial, mental, and physical health irrevocably destroyed. Everybody wins!” At press time, Slater announced that the city council had tossed Black residents another olive branch by offering to chemically castrate white patients. 
206	Jon	5	City Hopes Building Freeway Through White Neighborhood Can Count As Reparations  LOS ANGELES—Arguing that the move would technically help decrease inequality across the city, members of the Los Angeles City Council announced Thursday that they hoped building a freeway through a white neighborhood could count as reparations. “We hate to ask, but is there any way that expanding a highway through a traditionally Caucasian, middle-class neighborhood could be considered repayment for past racial injustice?” asked city council member Tina Slater, adding that building the massive six-lane road was guaranteed to evict hundreds of white families, bulldoze several white-owned homes, and damage the health of the remaining white families for generations to come. “We know this can never truly make up for the crimes committed against African American residents, but  it will definitely help bring everyone down to the same dire economic circumstances. No, there won’t be any direct repayment to Black families per-se, but you’ll get a front row seat to a bunch of white people having their financial, mental, and physical health irrevocably destroyed. Everybody wins!” At press time, Slater announced that the city council had tossed Black residents another olive branch by offering to chemically castrate white patients. 
207	Larry	3	U.S. Economy Rallies After Fed Releases Long List Of All The Fun Stuff Money Can Buy  WASHINGTON—Signaling investors that the U.S. economy would be running hot for the  foreseeable future, the Federal Reserve reportedly caused the market to  rally Friday after releasing a long list of all the fun stuff money can  buy. “Speedboats, video games, ice cream with sprinkles, Rolex  watches, Blu-ray box sets,” said Fed Chair Jerome Powell, who, during a presentation  that  sent stock indexes and consumer confidence skyrocketing, donned a  pair of Ray-Ban sunglasses still bearing their price tag and lifted  up a tote bag filled to the brim with what he described as “just a few  of the kickass things anyone can go buy whenever.”  “Nunchucks. Air Jordans. Cars—nice cars, too. Not just crappy used  ones. Cheeseburgers. Helicopter rides, if you’ve got enough cash. A nice  seersucker suit. Huge TVs. Just huge. Big subwoofer. Robot vacuum  cleaner. You can even buy porn with it! Anyone can do it. They don’t  stop you.” At press time, reports confirmed Powell’s speech had caused several  dozen Americans to be trampled to death as the stampeding nation attempted to get all the  awesome stuff. 
207	Jon	3	U.S. Economy Rallies After Fed Releases Long List Of All The Fun Stuff Money Can Buy  WASHINGTON—Signaling investors that the U.S. economy would be running hot for the  foreseeable future, the Federal Reserve reportedly caused the market to  rally Friday after releasing a long list of all the fun stuff money can  buy. “Speedboats, video games, ice cream with sprinkles, Rolex  watches, Blu-ray box sets,” said Fed Chair Jerome Powell, who, during a presentation  that  sent stock indexes and consumer confidence skyrocketing, donned a  pair of Ray-Ban sunglasses still bearing their price tag and lifted  up a tote bag filled to the brim with what he described as “just a few  of the kickass things anyone can go buy whenever.”  “Nunchucks. Air Jordans. Cars—nice cars, too. Not just crappy used  ones. Cheeseburgers. Helicopter rides, if you’ve got enough cash. A nice  seersucker suit. Huge TVs. Just huge. Big subwoofer. Robot vacuum  cleaner. You can even buy porn with it! Anyone can do it. They don’t  stop you.” At press time, reports confirmed Powell’s speech had caused several  dozen Americans to be trampled to death as the stampeding nation attempted to get all the  awesome stuff. 
208	Larry	4	School Resource Officer Has Personalized Chokeslam For Every Student  OMAHA, NE—In effort to provide each student with specialized attention, local school resource officer Tony Wahl confirmed Tuesday that he had a personalized chokeslam for everyone at Benson Magnet High School. “They love it,” said Wahl, pounding a fist into an open hand as he waited at the door for the line of students to enter the school, where he would greet every child independently with a series of wallops and beatings tailored to each individual’s personal weaknesses. “I like to start the day by shaking, throttling, or punching each kid in a distinctive manner, to let them know they’re all unique in the ways that they’re little pieces of shit. Despite the school having more than 1,500 students, no two are tased in the same place, for instance, because their vulnerable points are not one-size-fits-all. Each child’s windpipe has a different shape, and those differences should all be celebrated with a customized grip. We authority figures have a duty to dehumanize every student in a way that reflects their special shortcomings.” At press time, Wahl had been criticized for mixing up the designated chokeslams of the only two Asian students at the school. 
208	Jon	4	School Resource Officer Has Personalized Chokeslam For Every Student  OMAHA, NE—In effort to provide each student with specialized attention, local school resource officer Tony Wahl confirmed Tuesday that he had a personalized chokeslam for everyone at Benson Magnet High School. “They love it,” said Wahl, pounding a fist into an open hand as he waited at the door for the line of students to enter the school, where he would greet every child independently with a series of wallops and beatings tailored to each individual’s personal weaknesses. “I like to start the day by shaking, throttling, or punching each kid in a distinctive manner, to let them know they’re all unique in the ways that they’re little pieces of shit. Despite the school having more than 1,500 students, no two are tased in the same place, for instance, because their vulnerable points are not one-size-fits-all. Each child’s windpipe has a different shape, and those differences should all be celebrated with a customized grip. We authority figures have a duty to dehumanize every student in a way that reflects their special shortcomings.” At press time, Wahl had been criticized for mixing up the designated chokeslams of the only two Asian students at the school. 
209	Larry	3	U.S. Demands U.N. Pass Resolution Officially Stating America Is Nice  NEW YORK—Demanding the General Assembly take “swift and immediate” action, the United States reportedly called on the United Nations Thursday to pass a resolution officially stating that America is nice. “It is vital that the U.N. adopts a resolution affirming that we are nice and we are good,” said U.S. ambassador Linda Thomas-Greenfield, who urged the member states present to approve the resolution that would contract other member nations to henceforth address the U.S. as Official Nice Country America. “And put in there that we’re doing a good job and we always try our best. A little updated placard that says ‘United States (Nice)’ would make our day. We get the sense that a lot of you think we’re mean. Well, maybe that makes you the mean ones. Australia thinks we’re pretty great, don’t you Australia? Come on, Australia. Don’t be shy.” At press time, 192 member countries had abstained. 
209	Jon	2	U.S. Demands U.N. Pass Resolution Officially Stating America Is Nice  NEW YORK—Demanding the General Assembly take “swift and immediate” action, the United States reportedly called on the United Nations Thursday to pass a resolution officially stating that America is nice. “It is vital that the U.N. adopts a resolution affirming that we are nice and we are good,” said U.S. ambassador Linda Thomas-Greenfield, who urged the member states present to approve the resolution that would contract other member nations to henceforth address the U.S. as Official Nice Country America. “And put in there that we’re doing a good job and we always try our best. A little updated placard that says ‘United States (Nice)’ would make our day. We get the sense that a lot of you think we’re mean. Well, maybe that makes you the mean ones. Australia thinks we’re pretty great, don’t you Australia? Come on, Australia. Don’t be shy.” At press time, 192 member countries had abstained. 
210	Larry	2	Kyler Murray Doing Everything Possible To Get Back On Xbox Live  GLENDALE, AZ—After receiving surgery to repair a torn ACL, Arizona Cardinals quarterback Kyler Murray reportedly vowed Wednesday that he was doing everything possible to get back on Xbox Live. “It’s been really difficult not to be out there competing in the Call Of Duty battle royale with my fellow gamers, but I’m willing to put in the work to get back in my gaming chair as soon as I can,” said Murray, acknowledging that while he didn’t have a firm timeline yet, he hoped to be fully recovered by September when NBA 2K24 comes out. “I may not be able to play, but rest assured I’ll be spending hours watching other players’ Twitch streams so I can keep my mind in Xbox mode and continue to look for new ways to improve my gameplay. Don’t worry I’ll have my headset on, doing what I can to help my Call Of Duty team while I’m on the sidelines. Rest assured that, by this time next year, I’ll be fully recovered and out there ready to be the last player standing in Modern Warfare II.” At press time, Cardinals coach Kliff Klingsbury added that the team would bring Murray’s recovery along slowly, but they were already impressed by the progress he’d shown on Madden 23’s Face of the Franchise Mode. 
210	Jon	2	Kyler Murray Doing Everything Possible To Get Back On Xbox Live  GLENDALE, AZ—After receiving surgery to repair a torn ACL, Arizona Cardinals quarterback Kyler Murray reportedly vowed Wednesday that he was doing everything possible to get back on Xbox Live. “It’s been really difficult not to be out there competing in the Call Of Duty battle royale with my fellow gamers, but I’m willing to put in the work to get back in my gaming chair as soon as I can,” said Murray, acknowledging that while he didn’t have a firm timeline yet, he hoped to be fully recovered by September when NBA 2K24 comes out. “I may not be able to play, but rest assured I’ll be spending hours watching other players’ Twitch streams so I can keep my mind in Xbox mode and continue to look for new ways to improve my gameplay. Don’t worry I’ll have my headset on, doing what I can to help my Call Of Duty team while I’m on the sidelines. Rest assured that, by this time next year, I’ll be fully recovered and out there ready to be the last player standing in Modern Warfare II.” At press time, Cardinals coach Kliff Klingsbury added that the team would bring Murray’s recovery along slowly, but they were already impressed by the progress he’d shown on Madden 23’s Face of the Franchise Mode. 
211	Larry	3	Icy Snowball Can Already Tell It Going To Make 9-Year-Old Cry  BIDDEFORD, ME—Realizing it was almost entirely composed of hard, frozen chunks of ice, a densely packed snowball could reportedly tell Monday it was going to make local 9-year-old Jeremy Benkin cry. “Oh jeez, not only am I nearly solid, but I’m pretty big too—I’m going to absolutely destroy this kid,” said the snowball, noting that the completely oblivious child standing several feet away would most likely hit the ground upon being struck and, after the initial second or two of shock wore off, begin bawling at the top of his lungs. “I think I’ve got a couple shards of ice that will leave one hell of a mark on this kid’s face. God, he’s probably going to run screaming straight to his mom, and she’ll make everyone come inside.” At press time, the snowball reportedly expressed its disappointment after it failed to even break the kid’s skin. 
211	Jon	3	Icy Snowball Can Already Tell It Going To Make 9-Year-Old Cry  BIDDEFORD, ME—Realizing it was almost entirely composed of hard, frozen chunks of ice, a densely packed snowball could reportedly tell Monday it was going to make local 9-year-old Jeremy Benkin cry. “Oh jeez, not only am I nearly solid, but I’m pretty big too—I’m going to absolutely destroy this kid,” said the snowball, noting that the completely oblivious child standing several feet away would most likely hit the ground upon being struck and, after the initial second or two of shock wore off, begin bawling at the top of his lungs. “I think I’ve got a couple shards of ice that will leave one hell of a mark on this kid’s face. God, he’s probably going to run screaming straight to his mom, and she’ll make everyone come inside.” At press time, the snowball reportedly expressed its disappointment after it failed to even break the kid’s skin. 
212	Larry	3	MLB Owners Hold Separate Meeting For Teams Actually Trying To Win Next Season  SAN DIEGO—Following a long day of conferences on potential rule changes and other league business, MLB owners reportedly held a separate meeting Monday for teams actually trying to win next season. “It’s a small group, but it’s nice to get together for a more intimate conversation among the teams that are actually attempting to assemble a talented roster that could win a World Series,” said Houston Astros owner Jim Crane, adding that they enjoyed not having to deal with the annoying concerns of the owners who were just trying to make money off their teams. “Don’t get me wrong, we want to make a lot of money too, and we do, but in the regular meetings you talk to a guy like [Chicago Cubs owner] Tom Ricketts or [Anaheim Angels owner] Arte Moreno, and it’s clear that they don’t have any interest in actually getting good players. That’s fine, but there’s maybe a dozen of us who are actually trying to win.” At press time, the group was surprised when their meeting was interrupted by the late arrival of Baltimore Orioles owner Peter Angelos, who expressed his annoyance that, despite his best efforts, the team’s roster was actually pretty good and he was desperate for the other owners to take his good players off his hands. 
212	Jon	3	MLB Owners Hold Separate Meeting For Teams Actually Trying To Win Next Season  SAN DIEGO—Following a long day of conferences on potential rule changes and other league business, MLB owners reportedly held a separate meeting Monday for teams actually trying to win next season. “It’s a small group, but it’s nice to get together for a more intimate conversation among the teams that are actually attempting to assemble a talented roster that could win a World Series,” said Houston Astros owner Jim Crane, adding that they enjoyed not having to deal with the annoying concerns of the owners who were just trying to make money off their teams. “Don’t get me wrong, we want to make a lot of money too, and we do, but in the regular meetings you talk to a guy like [Chicago Cubs owner] Tom Ricketts or [Anaheim Angels owner] Arte Moreno, and it’s clear that they don’t have any interest in actually getting good players. That’s fine, but there’s maybe a dozen of us who are actually trying to win.” At press time, the group was surprised when their meeting was interrupted by the late arrival of Baltimore Orioles owner Peter Angelos, who expressed his annoyance that, despite his best efforts, the team’s roster was actually pretty good and he was desperate for the other owners to take his good players off his hands. 
213	Larry	3	Botched Autopsy Brings Murder Victim Back To Life  SANTA MARIA, CA—Leaving local community members shocked and heartbroken, a botched autopsy performed at Marian Regional Medical Center Wednesday had reportedly brought a murder victim back to life. “I realized his heart had started beating, and I knew I had made a terrible mistake,” said pathologist Dr. Kenneth Lepp, who expressed deep remorse as he described how the routine autopsy had gone completely off the rails. “I failed, and I acknowledge that it’s my fault this person is alive. I’m so sorry. I promise I did everything I could to stop it. I tried to reduce his oxygen levels, drain his blood, cut off his head—but nothing worked. I accept the fact this will probably cost me my license. And, of course, eventually I’ll have to face the patient’s family. I know they’re furious.” At press time, Dr. Lepp had added that although he wasn’t exactly sure how it happened, he vowed he would do everything in his power to make sure it never happened again. 
213	Jon	4	Botched Autopsy Brings Murder Victim Back To Life  SANTA MARIA, CA—Leaving local community members shocked and heartbroken, a botched autopsy performed at Marian Regional Medical Center Wednesday had reportedly brought a murder victim back to life. “I realized his heart had started beating, and I knew I had made a terrible mistake,” said pathologist Dr. Kenneth Lepp, who expressed deep remorse as he described how the routine autopsy had gone completely off the rails. “I failed, and I acknowledge that it’s my fault this person is alive. I’m so sorry. I promise I did everything I could to stop it. I tried to reduce his oxygen levels, drain his blood, cut off his head—but nothing worked. I accept the fact this will probably cost me my license. And, of course, eventually I’ll have to face the patient’s family. I know they’re furious.” At press time, Dr. Lepp had added that although he wasn’t exactly sure how it happened, he vowed he would do everything in his power to make sure it never happened again. 
214	Larry	2	God Kicking Self For Not Coming Up With Hentai  THE  HEAVENS—The Lord God Almighty, He Who Commanded Light to Shine out of  Darkness, told reporters Friday he was still kicking Himself for  not coming up with hentai on His own, saying the Japanese form of  animated  pornography represented everything He had hoped to capture in creation.  “In all My divine work, My one true regret remains not devising  hentai in the days of Genesis—it is a truly perfect art,” said  God, Maker of Heaven and Earth, who admitted that  all such manifestations of His will paled in comparison to the ingenuity  and wonder on display in combining characters from Japanese animated  series like One Piece, Dragon Ball Z, and Neon Genesis Evangelion in  wildly varied sexual situations. “What’s incredible to Me is that I  came up with the idea for octopus tentacles, I came up with the idea  for humanity’s various orifices, and yet I never put the two together! And  forget about stuff like futanari and omorashi. I never even thought about that. Some of the Western stuff with Family Guy and The Simpsons characters  is cool, too. For those reasons, I really need to praise humans here.  And hey, I guess I can take a little bit of the credit given My hand in  sculpting man from the dust of the earth and breathing into his  nostrils the breath of life.” At press time, the Divine Creator could  not be reached for comment as He was too busy scrolling through the vast  troves of animated pornography on Hentai-Haven.xxx. 
214	Jon	4	God Kicking Self For Not Coming Up With Hentai  THE  HEAVENS—The Lord God Almighty, He Who Commanded Light to Shine out of  Darkness, told reporters Friday he was still kicking Himself for  not coming up with hentai on His own, saying the Japanese form of  animated  pornography represented everything He had hoped to capture in creation.  “In all My divine work, My one true regret remains not devising  hentai in the days of Genesis—it is a truly perfect art,” said  God, Maker of Heaven and Earth, who admitted that  all such manifestations of His will paled in comparison to the ingenuity  and wonder on display in combining characters from Japanese animated  series like One Piece, Dragon Ball Z, and Neon Genesis Evangelion in  wildly varied sexual situations. “What’s incredible to Me is that I  came up with the idea for octopus tentacles, I came up with the idea  for humanity’s various orifices, and yet I never put the two together! And  forget about stuff like futanari and omorashi. I never even thought about that. Some of the Western stuff with Family Guy and The Simpsons characters  is cool, too. For those reasons, I really need to praise humans here.  And hey, I guess I can take a little bit of the credit given My hand in  sculpting man from the dust of the earth and breathing into his  nostrils the breath of life.” At press time, the Divine Creator could  not be reached for comment as He was too busy scrolling through the vast  troves of animated pornography on Hentai-Haven.xxx. 
215	Larry	1	"Just Wait 'Til I Get These Fucking Rubber Bands Off  Oh, man. You just caught yourself a whole mess of trouble, pal. Believe it. I don't think you realize who you're dealing with here. You might have me in the tank for now, but just wait 'til I get these fucking rubber bands off.  That was some cheap move, capturing me in some trap. You didn't have the guts to come looking for me yourself, 'cause you know you wouldn't last five minutes in the depths where I live. But you knew exactly what would make me come sniffing around, and you set me up good. Well, chalk one up for you, mister, and enjoy it, 'cause it's the only one you're gonna get.  Come on. Take the fucking rubber bands off, I fucking dare you. Just the left one, the one on my little claw. I'll make you wish you were never born.  I know what you think of me. I disgust you. You don't like my kind. I'm a bottom feeder, no better than a cockroach. ""You should see how they live, what they eat,"" you say. ""They use those claws mostly on each other, fighting over the women. And their brains are tiny."" Well, I'll tell you one thing: My brains are a hell of a lot bigger than your balls, you trap-using pussy.  And they say we're the spineless ones.  You thought you were in control, but now you're not so sure. Can you really afford to do this? Am I going to be more trouble than I'm worth? Well, pally, it's gonna be a hell of a lot of work, I guarantee you that. More than you've ever had for a piece of tail. You thought you wanted the biggest and best, but now you're realizing that, pound for pound, you just bit off more than you could chew. Better take off that fancy dinner jacket, pal. We're going at it hammer and tongs, you and I. And when the steam clears, there's only gonna be one of us moving.  Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool So come on. Take the rubber bands off. Take them off, Mr. Fancy. I'm feeling salty. Mano a mano, sucker. Let's go.  Leaving them on, huh? I knew it. I knew you were too big a coward to square off with me on a level playing field. And giving me to your woman to play with first! That takes the cake. Say, is that supposed to be me on your bib? It better fucking not be. I've never worn a fruity mustache or a fucking chef's hat in my life. Or rubber bands, either. I'd kill you with my two bare claws, if only I had the chance.  I don't know why you dragged me and those other guys in here. I'm sure you had your reasons. Maybe that's how you get your kicks—lure us in, set the table for a nice night, then get things simmering. You turn the heat up gradually, figuring we might not even notice at first. Then, you think, we'll show our true colors, maybe even squeal. Well, I ain't never gonna squeal. And I might get steamed, but I'll never get soft. You better have some special stuff if you want to crack me. I don't crack easy. And you won't hear a peep outta me no matter what you do. That story's for the sob sisters and the tourists.  I'm giving you one last chance. We can do this the gentlemanly way, both of us with our appendages free, or we can do it the ugly way. You wanna see things get ugly? Because I promise that they will if you come anywhere near me with those tongs. Rubber bands or no rubber bands, you are going down, buddy. I am one bad example of my type, and it won't be me in deep dip when this is all over.  Oh, you asshole. You gutless pansy. You can bite my ass.  "
215	Jon	1	"Just Wait 'Til I Get These Fucking Rubber Bands Off  Oh, man. You just caught yourself a whole mess of trouble, pal. Believe it. I don't think you realize who you're dealing with here. You might have me in the tank for now, but just wait 'til I get these fucking rubber bands off.  That was some cheap move, capturing me in some trap. You didn't have the guts to come looking for me yourself, 'cause you know you wouldn't last five minutes in the depths where I live. But you knew exactly what would make me come sniffing around, and you set me up good. Well, chalk one up for you, mister, and enjoy it, 'cause it's the only one you're gonna get.  Come on. Take the fucking rubber bands off, I fucking dare you. Just the left one, the one on my little claw. I'll make you wish you were never born.  I know what you think of me. I disgust you. You don't like my kind. I'm a bottom feeder, no better than a cockroach. ""You should see how they live, what they eat,"" you say. ""They use those claws mostly on each other, fighting over the women. And their brains are tiny."" Well, I'll tell you one thing: My brains are a hell of a lot bigger than your balls, you trap-using pussy.  And they say we're the spineless ones.  You thought you were in control, but now you're not so sure. Can you really afford to do this? Am I going to be more trouble than I'm worth? Well, pally, it's gonna be a hell of a lot of work, I guarantee you that. More than you've ever had for a piece of tail. You thought you wanted the biggest and best, but now you're realizing that, pound for pound, you just bit off more than you could chew. Better take off that fancy dinner jacket, pal. We're going at it hammer and tongs, you and I. And when the steam clears, there's only gonna be one of us moving.  Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool So come on. Take the rubber bands off. Take them off, Mr. Fancy. I'm feeling salty. Mano a mano, sucker. Let's go.  Leaving them on, huh? I knew it. I knew you were too big a coward to square off with me on a level playing field. And giving me to your woman to play with first! That takes the cake. Say, is that supposed to be me on your bib? It better fucking not be. I've never worn a fruity mustache or a fucking chef's hat in my life. Or rubber bands, either. I'd kill you with my two bare claws, if only I had the chance.  I don't know why you dragged me and those other guys in here. I'm sure you had your reasons. Maybe that's how you get your kicks—lure us in, set the table for a nice night, then get things simmering. You turn the heat up gradually, figuring we might not even notice at first. Then, you think, we'll show our true colors, maybe even squeal. Well, I ain't never gonna squeal. And I might get steamed, but I'll never get soft. You better have some special stuff if you want to crack me. I don't crack easy. And you won't hear a peep outta me no matter what you do. That story's for the sob sisters and the tourists.  I'm giving you one last chance. We can do this the gentlemanly way, both of us with our appendages free, or we can do it the ugly way. You wanna see things get ugly? Because I promise that they will if you come anywhere near me with those tongs. Rubber bands or no rubber bands, you are going down, buddy. I am one bad example of my type, and it won't be me in deep dip when this is all over.  Oh, you asshole. You gutless pansy. You can bite my ass.  "
216	Larry	3	Teen Boy Entering That Awkward Phase Where He A Fucking Pervert  READING, PA—Having finally begun a new chapter of his journey into manhood, teenage boy Dylan Rackham was reportedly entering that awkward phase this week where he’s a complete fucking pervert. “Dylan’s starting to notice the girls in his class and fantasize about all the depraved, potentially illegal sex shit he wants to do to them,” said Dylan’s father, Elias Rackham, who wistfully recalled having been a nasty little sex-obsessed weirdo himself when he was Dylan’s age. “It’s just a confusing, clumsy stage that boys go through where they’re so perpetually horned up they can’t really function as normal members of society anymore. My sweet Dylan’s going to be a bonafide sex pest to pretty much everyone around him while he stumbles down the bumpy road to maturity—hell, he’s probably going to try sticking it in a couple inanimate objects before the end of this thing. But however noxious his disgusting sexual appetites get, it shouldn’t be more than four or five years before this phase passes. It may end even sooner if his perversion lands him in some kind of court-ordered sex offender rehabilitation program. And no matter how creepy he gets or how many times he jerks off each day, he’ll always be my baby boy!” Dylan’s father added that while the teen would no doubt have questions about his newfound feelings, he could always turn to some of the foulest internet pornography imaginable for guidance. 
216	Jon	3	Teen Boy Entering That Awkward Phase Where He A Fucking Pervert  READING, PA—Having finally begun a new chapter of his journey into manhood, teenage boy Dylan Rackham was reportedly entering that awkward phase this week where he’s a complete fucking pervert. “Dylan’s starting to notice the girls in his class and fantasize about all the depraved, potentially illegal sex shit he wants to do to them,” said Dylan’s father, Elias Rackham, who wistfully recalled having been a nasty little sex-obsessed weirdo himself when he was Dylan’s age. “It’s just a confusing, clumsy stage that boys go through where they’re so perpetually horned up they can’t really function as normal members of society anymore. My sweet Dylan’s going to be a bonafide sex pest to pretty much everyone around him while he stumbles down the bumpy road to maturity—hell, he’s probably going to try sticking it in a couple inanimate objects before the end of this thing. But however noxious his disgusting sexual appetites get, it shouldn’t be more than four or five years before this phase passes. It may end even sooner if his perversion lands him in some kind of court-ordered sex offender rehabilitation program. And no matter how creepy he gets or how many times he jerks off each day, he’ll always be my baby boy!” Dylan’s father added that while the teen would no doubt have questions about his newfound feelings, he could always turn to some of the foulest internet pornography imaginable for guidance. 
217	Larry	3	What Elon Musk Told Twitter Employees During His First Company Meeting  Here are the most genius things that Elon Musk told his employees during his first official all-hands meeting as “chief twit.” Just what a likable cool guy would say. Probably not, but worth asking just in case. To be fair, Musk said this while rolling his eyes and pantomiming jerking off. Musk briefly tabled discussions surrounding verification and ad revenue to focus on identifying the accounts that are hurting his feelings. Employees weren’t sure how to react when it became apparent that their CEO thought he had discovered GIFs. He insisted on doing his own intro from backstage. Just to be safe, Musk then held up a single cheese danish. After weeks of tumultuous changes, this was the inspirational pep talk many were waiting for. ​ Allowing employees to work from home reportedly made it far more difficult to separate them by race. Musk fired a female employee who rejected him after being asked out in the middle of the meeting. Musk was understandably disappointed about not getting to present the Powerpoint slideshow he spent all night adding sound effects and transitions to. Employees reported that Musk was still holding the same sink he brought to Twitter HQ several weeks after his initial stunt. By an unofficial count, Musk repeated the Big Bang Theory catchphrase nearly 200 times in succession. The Twitter CEO reportedly congratulated himself for a new personal record of going nearly 30 minutes without engaging in sexual harassment. Musk then opened his mouth and proceeded to chew up an entire bottle of Adderall. Musk attempted to end the meeting by inspiring his team to fornicate ferociously in order to repopulate the dying planet with his humble seed. After several other unsuccessful attempts, he figured it was worth asking one last time. Well, it was fun while it lasted. 
217	Jon	4	What Elon Musk Told Twitter Employees During His First Company Meeting  Here are the most genius things that Elon Musk told his employees during his first official all-hands meeting as “chief twit.” Just what a likable cool guy would say. Probably not, but worth asking just in case. To be fair, Musk said this while rolling his eyes and pantomiming jerking off. Musk briefly tabled discussions surrounding verification and ad revenue to focus on identifying the accounts that are hurting his feelings. Employees weren’t sure how to react when it became apparent that their CEO thought he had discovered GIFs. He insisted on doing his own intro from backstage. Just to be safe, Musk then held up a single cheese danish. After weeks of tumultuous changes, this was the inspirational pep talk many were waiting for. ​ Allowing employees to work from home reportedly made it far more difficult to separate them by race. Musk fired a female employee who rejected him after being asked out in the middle of the meeting. Musk was understandably disappointed about not getting to present the Powerpoint slideshow he spent all night adding sound effects and transitions to. Employees reported that Musk was still holding the same sink he brought to Twitter HQ several weeks after his initial stunt. By an unofficial count, Musk repeated the Big Bang Theory catchphrase nearly 200 times in succession. The Twitter CEO reportedly congratulated himself for a new personal record of going nearly 30 minutes without engaging in sexual harassment. Musk then opened his mouth and proceeded to chew up an entire bottle of Adderall. Musk attempted to end the meeting by inspiring his team to fornicate ferociously in order to repopulate the dying planet with his humble seed. After several other unsuccessful attempts, he figured it was worth asking one last time. Well, it was fun while it lasted. 
218	Larry	3	Kevin McCarthy Assures Skeptical Republicans He Shares Their Vision Of Innocents Drowning In Oceans Of Blood  WASHINGTON—In an effort to garner their support and become Speaker of the House, Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) assured his skeptical GOP colleagues Tuesday that he shared their vision of innocents drowning in oceans of blood. “While I hear your concerns and am prepared to make a long list of concessions in exchange for your support, at the end of the day, we all want to joyously stomp on the necks of hardworking Americans as they pathetically cry out for a mercy that shall never come,” the California lawmaker said in an impassioned plea to House Republicans, responding to criticism from far-right members of his party who argue he no longer represents the values of those focused on littering this country from coast to coast with the gory entrails of its docile populace. “We cannot let  petty differences get in the way of what could be our most grisly era of violent brutality yet—not while there remains significant common ground on our big-picture goals of every street running red with the sputtering viscera of innocent women and children. I mean, certainly my record of damning my constituents to a life of unparalleled pain and suffering counts for something. Meanwhile, this infighting remains a useless distraction keeping us from slowly drawing our knives across the necks of ordinary Americans and letting the streams of gushing blood spill into our hands until a red tsunami washes away everything in a wave of ferocious splendor. Frankly, I cannot idly stand by as innocent people live to see another day. Can you?” At press time, Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL) said he would rather see Democrat Hakeem Jeffries take control of the House than someone as soft as McCarthy. 
218	Jon	4	Kevin McCarthy Assures Skeptical Republicans He Shares Their Vision Of Innocents Drowning In Oceans Of Blood  WASHINGTON—In an effort to garner their support and become Speaker of the House, Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) assured his skeptical GOP colleagues Tuesday that he shared their vision of innocents drowning in oceans of blood. “While I hear your concerns and am prepared to make a long list of concessions in exchange for your support, at the end of the day, we all want to joyously stomp on the necks of hardworking Americans as they pathetically cry out for a mercy that shall never come,” the California lawmaker said in an impassioned plea to House Republicans, responding to criticism from far-right members of his party who argue he no longer represents the values of those focused on littering this country from coast to coast with the gory entrails of its docile populace. “We cannot let  petty differences get in the way of what could be our most grisly era of violent brutality yet—not while there remains significant common ground on our big-picture goals of every street running red with the sputtering viscera of innocent women and children. I mean, certainly my record of damning my constituents to a life of unparalleled pain and suffering counts for something. Meanwhile, this infighting remains a useless distraction keeping us from slowly drawing our knives across the necks of ordinary Americans and letting the streams of gushing blood spill into our hands until a red tsunami washes away everything in a wave of ferocious splendor. Frankly, I cannot idly stand by as innocent people live to see another day. Can you?” At press time, Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL) said he would rather see Democrat Hakeem Jeffries take control of the House than someone as soft as McCarthy. 
219	Larry	5	Police Team-Building Scavenger Hunt Challenges Officers To Arrest Someone From Every Race  SEATTLE—As part of an attempt to more equitably implement a strategy of profiling and mass incarceration, members of the Seattle Police Department engaged in a team-building scavenger hunt this week in which they were challenged to arrest someone of every race. “Officers are partnering up to go around the city looking for one person of every race to stop without probable cause and then arrest on the basis of flimsy or fabricated evidence,” said Sgt. Earl Dennis, explaining how scavenger-hunt participants were given a skin-color scorecard on which they would check off each racial category as they competed to see who could overfill jails with a diverse group of inmates that were reflective of the population at large. “It’s good for our department to have a fun, friendly competition in which they are encouraged to use lethal force against someone regardless of their background or ancestry. We want to reimagine public safety in such a way that  it will one day become commonplace to see an Asian guy dying in a banned chokehold, or a young white kid shot  in the back 15 times. I think our guys will be pretty motivated, because the winning team gets a pizza party back at the precinct house.” At press time, department sources confirmed five days had passed with no one successfully completing the scavenger hunt, and so the rules were simplified to make it the usual contest of who could club the most Black men. 
219	Jon	5	Police Team-Building Scavenger Hunt Challenges Officers To Arrest Someone From Every Race  SEATTLE—As part of an attempt to more equitably implement a strategy of profiling and mass incarceration, members of the Seattle Police Department engaged in a team-building scavenger hunt this week in which they were challenged to arrest someone of every race. “Officers are partnering up to go around the city looking for one person of every race to stop without probable cause and then arrest on the basis of flimsy or fabricated evidence,” said Sgt. Earl Dennis, explaining how scavenger-hunt participants were given a skin-color scorecard on which they would check off each racial category as they competed to see who could overfill jails with a diverse group of inmates that were reflective of the population at large. “It’s good for our department to have a fun, friendly competition in which they are encouraged to use lethal force against someone regardless of their background or ancestry. We want to reimagine public safety in such a way that  it will one day become commonplace to see an Asian guy dying in a banned chokehold, or a young white kid shot  in the back 15 times. I think our guys will be pretty motivated, because the winning team gets a pizza party back at the precinct house.” At press time, department sources confirmed five days had passed with no one successfully completing the scavenger hunt, and so the rules were simplified to make it the usual contest of who could club the most Black men. 
220	Larry	4	Kamala Harris Pops By Office To Print Out Concert Tickets  WASHINGTON—Peeking around corners and ducking past doorways in an effort to get in and out of her workplace unseen, Vice President Kamala Harris reportedly popped by the Eisenhower Executive Office Building late Wednesday to print out concert tickets. Upon confirming all members of her staff, who she had allegedly not seen in months, had left work for the day, Harris is said to have entered her office for the sole purpose of using a printer to access a pair of passes to that night’s Goo Goo Dolls show at the Merriweather Post pavilion in Columbia, MD. As a precaution in case she encountered her chief of staff or one of her aides, sources confirmed the vice president walked into the facility with her phone up to her ear, ready to engage in a phony conversation about how climate change was a “really tough issue” and to sigh loudly in order to sound very busy. According to reports, Harris then logged into Ticketmaster from her office computer, downloaded a file she renamed “border_security_ideas.pdf,” and printed the document with a nearby Epson EcoTank Pro ET-5850. After the vice president grabbed a granola bar from the kitchen and slipped out of the office mostly undetected, the Eisenhower building’s IT administrator was overheard giving Harris a hard time for using up all of the printer’s ink on her full-color personal holiday cards. 
220	Jon	4	Kamala Harris Pops By Office To Print Out Concert Tickets  WASHINGTON—Peeking around corners and ducking past doorways in an effort to get in and out of her workplace unseen, Vice President Kamala Harris reportedly popped by the Eisenhower Executive Office Building late Wednesday to print out concert tickets. Upon confirming all members of her staff, who she had allegedly not seen in months, had left work for the day, Harris is said to have entered her office for the sole purpose of using a printer to access a pair of passes to that night’s Goo Goo Dolls show at the Merriweather Post pavilion in Columbia, MD. As a precaution in case she encountered her chief of staff or one of her aides, sources confirmed the vice president walked into the facility with her phone up to her ear, ready to engage in a phony conversation about how climate change was a “really tough issue” and to sigh loudly in order to sound very busy. According to reports, Harris then logged into Ticketmaster from her office computer, downloaded a file she renamed “border_security_ideas.pdf,” and printed the document with a nearby Epson EcoTank Pro ET-5850. After the vice president grabbed a granola bar from the kitchen and slipped out of the office mostly undetected, the Eisenhower building’s IT administrator was overheard giving Harris a hard time for using up all of the printer’s ink on her full-color personal holiday cards. 
221	Larry	1	Phrase ‘Footloose And Fancy Free’ Makes Sudden, Confusing Return To Woman’s Vocabulary During First Date  BLOOMINGTON, IN—In a shocking development that came mere minutes into sitting down with the prospective partner at a regional coffee shop, the phrase “footloose and fancy free” made a sudden and confusing return to local woman Tara Waldman’s vocabulary during a first date, sources reported Wednesday. “Oh my God, where the hell did that come from? Footloose and fancy free—I barely even know what that means,” Waldman reportedly thought moments after the baffling phrase escaped her lips in response to the question of what she did for fun. “I actually said the words ‘I keep things footloose and fancy free on the weekends’?  What the fuck is that? I was like five sentences into the date, too, so he’s going to think it’s my thing, even though I don’t think I’ve said those words together since I was 8 years old. And why did I do a weird little thing with my hands when I said it? Oh no! I just said it again!” At press time, Waldman confirmed that she would get the date under control by saying something normal about always wanting to do the “ol’ 23 skidoo” from work. 
221	Jon	1	Phrase ‘Footloose And Fancy Free’ Makes Sudden, Confusing Return To Woman’s Vocabulary During First Date  BLOOMINGTON, IN—In a shocking development that came mere minutes into sitting down with the prospective partner at a regional coffee shop, the phrase “footloose and fancy free” made a sudden and confusing return to local woman Tara Waldman’s vocabulary during a first date, sources reported Wednesday. “Oh my God, where the hell did that come from? Footloose and fancy free—I barely even know what that means,” Waldman reportedly thought moments after the baffling phrase escaped her lips in response to the question of what she did for fun. “I actually said the words ‘I keep things footloose and fancy free on the weekends’?  What the fuck is that? I was like five sentences into the date, too, so he’s going to think it’s my thing, even though I don’t think I’ve said those words together since I was 8 years old. And why did I do a weird little thing with my hands when I said it? Oh no! I just said it again!” At press time, Waldman confirmed that she would get the date under control by saying something normal about always wanting to do the “ol’ 23 skidoo” from work. 
222	Larry	5	Crypto Confidence Soars After CEO Defrauds Customers Just Like Real Bank  NEW YORK—In light of FTX Trading Limited’s announcement of bankruptcy amidst accusations of mishandling funds, crypto confidence reportedly soared Friday after investors realized that CEO Sam Bankman-Fried defrauded customers just like a real bank. “I actually feel a lot more comfortable investing my hard-earned money knowing that this company has no reservations about recklessly gambling with it, just like a traditional banking institution would,” said 36-year-old crypto investor Daniel Palmederas, explaining that he was previously hesitant to invest in the decentralized and unregulated currency before learning that their exchange companies were happy to fuck over customers just like banks such as Wells Fargo. “I mean, people are going to be losing their houses over this, so you know it’s the real deal. Once I heard that the CEO of the major crypto exchange company helped the FTC write the regulations for his own industry, I thought, ‘Well now, that’s a bank, straight up!’ I wasn’t completely sold on this before, but this is going to ruin tons of people and drive some to suicide, so I’m all in!” At press time, sources confirmed that Adam McKay was furiously typing away at a script about the ordeal.  
222	Jon	5	Crypto Confidence Soars After CEO Defrauds Customers Just Like Real Bank  NEW YORK—In light of FTX Trading Limited’s announcement of bankruptcy amidst accusations of mishandling funds, crypto confidence reportedly soared Friday after investors realized that CEO Sam Bankman-Fried defrauded customers just like a real bank. “I actually feel a lot more comfortable investing my hard-earned money knowing that this company has no reservations about recklessly gambling with it, just like a traditional banking institution would,” said 36-year-old crypto investor Daniel Palmederas, explaining that he was previously hesitant to invest in the decentralized and unregulated currency before learning that their exchange companies were happy to fuck over customers just like banks such as Wells Fargo. “I mean, people are going to be losing their houses over this, so you know it’s the real deal. Once I heard that the CEO of the major crypto exchange company helped the FTC write the regulations for his own industry, I thought, ‘Well now, that’s a bank, straight up!’ I wasn’t completely sold on this before, but this is going to ruin tons of people and drive some to suicide, so I’m all in!” At press time, sources confirmed that Adam McKay was furiously typing away at a script about the ordeal.  
223	Larry	2	Harry Styles Figures He Should Listen To His Album Now That It Won Grammy  LOS ANGELES—Explaining that he was really more of a “podcast person,” pop star Harry Styles told reporters Monday that he figured he should listen to his album now that it had won a Grammy. “Well, if it’s getting a Grammy, then someone must like it,” said the 29-year-old Styles, who made a mental note to get around to listening to Harry’s House despite the fact that pop wasn’t usually his favorite genre. “I really have only heard that one song. I think it’s called ‘As of Yet’? Or maybe it’s ‘As If.’ I never really liked One Direction’s stuff, but maybe this will be different. It’ll probably be catchy if nothing else. I just hope it doesn’t remind me of my ex. She was super into Harry Styles.” At press time, Styles confirmed that the album was “just fine.” 
223	Jon	3	Harry Styles Figures He Should Listen To His Album Now That It Won Grammy  LOS ANGELES—Explaining that he was really more of a “podcast person,” pop star Harry Styles told reporters Monday that he figured he should listen to his album now that it had won a Grammy. “Well, if it’s getting a Grammy, then someone must like it,” said the 29-year-old Styles, who made a mental note to get around to listening to Harry’s House despite the fact that pop wasn’t usually his favorite genre. “I really have only heard that one song. I think it’s called ‘As of Yet’? Or maybe it’s ‘As If.’ I never really liked One Direction’s stuff, but maybe this will be different. It’ll probably be catchy if nothing else. I just hope it doesn’t remind me of my ex. She was super into Harry Styles.” At press time, Styles confirmed that the album was “just fine.” 
224	Larry	4	Tiffany Trump Charged Full Venue Price For Mar-A-Lago Wedding  PALM BEACH, FL—Shaking her head in anger and disbelief as she scanned the invoice, Tiffany Trump reportedly received a bill from the Mar-a-Lago Club Tuesday charging her the full venue price for her wedding. “$95,000 for catering? Are you fucking kidding me?” said the 29-year-old Trump, who noted that the wedding cake looked nothing like the one she ordered and that the food “hadn’t even been that good.” “My dad insisted that I have the wedding here, so I assumed it would all be paid for. I didn’t even get a discount! God, they just gouged me on everything. They charged me $20,000 for a DJ, but I didn’t even have a DJ there! And what the hell is a napkin fee? I don’t know how I’m going to be able to afford this. I’m going to have to ask my dad for money.” At press time, reports confirmed Tiffany Trump was furious after discovering she had been charged a $1.5 million speaking fee for her father’s wedding toast. 
224	Jon	4	Tiffany Trump Charged Full Venue Price For Mar-A-Lago Wedding  PALM BEACH, FL—Shaking her head in anger and disbelief as she scanned the invoice, Tiffany Trump reportedly received a bill from the Mar-a-Lago Club Tuesday charging her the full venue price for her wedding. “$95,000 for catering? Are you fucking kidding me?” said the 29-year-old Trump, who noted that the wedding cake looked nothing like the one she ordered and that the food “hadn’t even been that good.” “My dad insisted that I have the wedding here, so I assumed it would all be paid for. I didn’t even get a discount! God, they just gouged me on everything. They charged me $20,000 for a DJ, but I didn’t even have a DJ there! And what the hell is a napkin fee? I don’t know how I’m going to be able to afford this. I’m going to have to ask my dad for money.” At press time, reports confirmed Tiffany Trump was furious after discovering she had been charged a $1.5 million speaking fee for her father’s wedding toast. 
225	Larry	5	City Finally Safe After Every Single Resident Hired As Police  CHICAGO—In a rousing success story that has eliminated all criminal activity from the streets of the metropolis, Chicago was finally declared safe Thursday after every single resident was hired as a police officer. “As part of our initiative to ensure complete security throughout the city, we have deputized all 2.7 million of our residents,” said Superintendent of Police David O’Neal Brown, who explained that each and every person living within Chicago had been issued a gun and badge and given approximately 2,500 square feet to patrol, allowing the city to at long last be adequately policed. “The initial response has been promising: We’ve seen a dramatic increase in police seizures of civil assets, while robberies have become a thing of the past. And at the same time, we’ve seen the murder rate drop to zero as the justifiable use of deadly force reaches an all-time high.” At press time, everyone in Chicago had been killed after the entire city erupted in friendly fire. 
225	Jon	5	City Finally Safe After Every Single Resident Hired As Police  CHICAGO—In a rousing success story that has eliminated all criminal activity from the streets of the metropolis, Chicago was finally declared safe Thursday after every single resident was hired as a police officer. “As part of our initiative to ensure complete security throughout the city, we have deputized all 2.7 million of our residents,” said Superintendent of Police David O’Neal Brown, who explained that each and every person living within Chicago had been issued a gun and badge and given approximately 2,500 square feet to patrol, allowing the city to at long last be adequately policed. “The initial response has been promising: We’ve seen a dramatic increase in police seizures of civil assets, while robberies have become a thing of the past. And at the same time, we’ve seen the murder rate drop to zero as the justifiable use of deadly force reaches an all-time high.” At press time, everyone in Chicago had been killed after the entire city erupted in friendly fire. 
226	Larry	4	Meryl Streep Dropped By Agent After Failing To Develop Massive TikTok Following  LOS ANGELES—After struggling to keep up with the changing times, actress Meryl Streep was reportedly dropped by her agent this week over her failure to cultivate a massive TikTok following. “We’ve had a great time working with Meryl over the years, but unfortunately, her TikTok numbers just aren’t where they’d need to be for us to continue our relationship,” said CAA representative Amanda Tuchman, who observed that the three-time Academy Award winner’s highest-performing TikTok of her reacting to herself in Mamma Mia had barely managed to reach 800 views. “All Meryl’s in-character bits as Margaret Thatcher or Julia Child were never going to land with Gen Zers who weren’t even born when those people were relevant. The few followers she had were mostly people on her team. We warned her that her ‘POV You’re in August: Osage County’ TikToks were coming across as cringe and that she needed to build a relatable and authentic personal brand instead of doing all these niche impressions of different characters, but in the end, she just couldn’t figure out the platform. Not everyone’s cut out to be a content creator, and sadly, Meryl’s inability to translate her decades of critical acclaim into TikTok virality meant we had to let her go.” At press time, the talent agent was scrambling to re-sign Streep after she became an instant sensation on BeReal. 
226	Jon	4	Meryl Streep Dropped By Agent After Failing To Develop Massive TikTok Following  LOS ANGELES—After struggling to keep up with the changing times, actress Meryl Streep was reportedly dropped by her agent this week over her failure to cultivate a massive TikTok following. “We’ve had a great time working with Meryl over the years, but unfortunately, her TikTok numbers just aren’t where they’d need to be for us to continue our relationship,” said CAA representative Amanda Tuchman, who observed that the three-time Academy Award winner’s highest-performing TikTok of her reacting to herself in Mamma Mia had barely managed to reach 800 views. “All Meryl’s in-character bits as Margaret Thatcher or Julia Child were never going to land with Gen Zers who weren’t even born when those people were relevant. The few followers she had were mostly people on her team. We warned her that her ‘POV You’re in August: Osage County’ TikToks were coming across as cringe and that she needed to build a relatable and authentic personal brand instead of doing all these niche impressions of different characters, but in the end, she just couldn’t figure out the platform. Not everyone’s cut out to be a content creator, and sadly, Meryl’s inability to translate her decades of critical acclaim into TikTok virality meant we had to let her go.” At press time, the talent agent was scrambling to re-sign Streep after she became an instant sensation on BeReal. 
227	Larry	2	Dry Humping At 16 Still Peak Of Man’s Abilities As Sexual Partner  INDIANAPOLIS—Signifying the absolute height of his prowess over the past four decades, dry humping at the age of 16 remained the peak of local man Ed Seldon’s abilities as a sexual partner, sources confirmed Wednesday. Several reports indicated that the three minutes Seldon spent frantically grinding on his high school girlfriend while fully clothed those many years ago were still his most capable and generous moments as a lover. Sources also said the short dry humping session, which was impeded by two pairs of Levi’s jeans for the entire time he was rubbing against his girlfriend, continued to be his most sensual and inspired performance in bed. Seldon has reportedly never lasted longer or provide more pleasure in so competent and passionate a manner since this incident in the basement rec room of his parents’ house. Sources added that Seldon’s technique and finesse had reached their nadir with the sloppy, unsatisfying sex he now has with his wife of 15 years, who unfortunately never got to experience her husband in his sexual prime, when he furiously rubbed against another body until ejaculating inside his boxer shorts.  
227	Jon	3	Dry Humping At 16 Still Peak Of Man’s Abilities As Sexual Partner  INDIANAPOLIS—Signifying the absolute height of his prowess over the past four decades, dry humping at the age of 16 remained the peak of local man Ed Seldon’s abilities as a sexual partner, sources confirmed Wednesday. Several reports indicated that the three minutes Seldon spent frantically grinding on his high school girlfriend while fully clothed those many years ago were still his most capable and generous moments as a lover. Sources also said the short dry humping session, which was impeded by two pairs of Levi’s jeans for the entire time he was rubbing against his girlfriend, continued to be his most sensual and inspired performance in bed. Seldon has reportedly never lasted longer or provide more pleasure in so competent and passionate a manner since this incident in the basement rec room of his parents’ house. Sources added that Seldon’s technique and finesse had reached their nadir with the sloppy, unsatisfying sex he now has with his wife of 15 years, who unfortunately never got to experience her husband in his sexual prime, when he furiously rubbed against another body until ejaculating inside his boxer shorts.  
228	Larry	3	Ex-Christian Makes Uncomfortable Small Talk After Running Into Jesus Christ At Store  DAYTON, OH—Awkwardly exchanging pleasantries with the Lord and Savior she broke things off with a year ago, ex-Christian Libby McNeil made uncomfortable small talk Wednesday after running into Jesus Christ at the grocery store. “Oh, hey Jesus, how have you been? Still living in Heaven?” said McNeil, who was absentmindedly scanning the aisle as she asked how Christ’s dad was doing. “I’ve actually been getting closer to Allah recently, which has been really good for me. I also just wanted to apologize for praying to you so late that one night a few months ago. I was totally drunk. It didn’t mean anything.” At press time, McNeil was freaking out after Jesus said that He still loved her. 
228	Jon	3	Ex-Christian Makes Uncomfortable Small Talk After Running Into Jesus Christ At Store  DAYTON, OH—Awkwardly exchanging pleasantries with the Lord and Savior she broke things off with a year ago, ex-Christian Libby McNeil made uncomfortable small talk Wednesday after running into Jesus Christ at the grocery store. “Oh, hey Jesus, how have you been? Still living in Heaven?” said McNeil, who was absentmindedly scanning the aisle as she asked how Christ’s dad was doing. “I’ve actually been getting closer to Allah recently, which has been really good for me. I also just wanted to apologize for praying to you so late that one night a few months ago. I was totally drunk. It didn’t mean anything.” At press time, McNeil was freaking out after Jesus said that He still loved her. 
229	Larry	3	Overwhelmed New Grandparents Finally Feeling What It Like To Love A Child  CATASAUQUA, PA—Positively brimming with joy after welcoming the infant into their home, first-time grandparents Edward and Colleen Harris told reporters Friday they were overwhelmed with emotion now that they finally understood what it meant to love a child. “I can’t even begin to put my happiness into words because I’ve never felt anything like this before,” said the new grandmother, adding that she could think of nothing in her 71 years that could even begin to compare with the experience of looking into the eyes of her newborn grandson, Logan, and seeing a tiny piece of herself reflected back. “It’s as though I never knew what life was really about until this moment. You spend seven decades focused almost completely on yourself, and then suddenly you’re given this whole new set of priorities. From now on, Logan will be the one who comes first.” At press time, the proud grandparents were reportedly crying, saying they felt as if everything they had done with their lives up to that point had been completely meaningless. 
229	Jon	2	Overwhelmed New Grandparents Finally Feeling What It Like To Love A Child  CATASAUQUA, PA—Positively brimming with joy after welcoming the infant into their home, first-time grandparents Edward and Colleen Harris told reporters Friday they were overwhelmed with emotion now that they finally understood what it meant to love a child. “I can’t even begin to put my happiness into words because I’ve never felt anything like this before,” said the new grandmother, adding that she could think of nothing in her 71 years that could even begin to compare with the experience of looking into the eyes of her newborn grandson, Logan, and seeing a tiny piece of herself reflected back. “It’s as though I never knew what life was really about until this moment. You spend seven decades focused almost completely on yourself, and then suddenly you’re given this whole new set of priorities. From now on, Logan will be the one who comes first.” At press time, the proud grandparents were reportedly crying, saying they felt as if everything they had done with their lives up to that point had been completely meaningless. 
230	Larry	2	Stunned Family Watches As Grandmother Wolfs Down Sandwich In 33 Minutes  SPOKANE, WA—Claiming they had never seen anything like it before, the stunned family of local grandmother Doreen Weiss reportedly watched in disbelief Wednesday as she wolfed down a sandwich in 33 minutes. “Man, she just stuffed her face and absolutely annihilated that thing,” said Weiss’s grandson Justin, noting that the family couldn’t believe that their grandmother had “inhaled” her chicken salad on rye in just over a half hour. “I wasn’t even halfway through my club sandwich, and she was already completely done with her first bite. It was nuts. She even scarfed down a couple of crackers.” Justin Weiss went on to say that the family was floored when the 86-year-old “pretty much guzzled” two entire spoonfuls of the tomato soup that came with the sandwich before deciding she would save the rest for lunch and dinner tomorrow. 
230	Jon	2	Stunned Family Watches As Grandmother Wolfs Down Sandwich In 33 Minutes  SPOKANE, WA—Claiming they had never seen anything like it before, the stunned family of local grandmother Doreen Weiss reportedly watched in disbelief Wednesday as she wolfed down a sandwich in 33 minutes. “Man, she just stuffed her face and absolutely annihilated that thing,” said Weiss’s grandson Justin, noting that the family couldn’t believe that their grandmother had “inhaled” her chicken salad on rye in just over a half hour. “I wasn’t even halfway through my club sandwich, and she was already completely done with her first bite. It was nuts. She even scarfed down a couple of crackers.” Justin Weiss went on to say that the family was floored when the 86-year-old “pretty much guzzled” two entire spoonfuls of the tomato soup that came with the sandwich before deciding she would save the rest for lunch and dinner tomorrow. 
231	Larry	3	Fear Of Rejection Prevents Man From Asking Woman What Her Underwear Smells Like  CINCINNATI—Bemoaning the anxiety he felt when approaching new people, local man Roger Linden confirmed Tuesday that his fear of rejection was preventing him from going up to a woman and asking her what her underwear smelled like. “I’m always self-sabotaging like this—I just feel so vulnerable asking if I can get a big whiff of her panties,” Linden told reporters, adding that he was so afraid of saying the wrong words that he hardly ever found it within himself to ask women if he could check out their feet too. “I know the worst thing that could happen is her just saying no, but I doubt I could handle being rebuffed for inquiring if I could shove a lady’s underwear  in my mouth for a couple seconds. If I were brave enough to just put myself out there, though, maybe I’d find out that she wants to know what my underwear smells like too. Nobody sniffs underwear by just sitting on the sidelines.”At press time, Linden had finally mustered up the courage to get arrested. 
231	Jon	4	Fear Of Rejection Prevents Man From Asking Woman What Her Underwear Smells Like  CINCINNATI—Bemoaning the anxiety he felt when approaching new people, local man Roger Linden confirmed Tuesday that his fear of rejection was preventing him from going up to a woman and asking her what her underwear smelled like. “I’m always self-sabotaging like this—I just feel so vulnerable asking if I can get a big whiff of her panties,” Linden told reporters, adding that he was so afraid of saying the wrong words that he hardly ever found it within himself to ask women if he could check out their feet too. “I know the worst thing that could happen is her just saying no, but I doubt I could handle being rebuffed for inquiring if I could shove a lady’s underwear  in my mouth for a couple seconds. If I were brave enough to just put myself out there, though, maybe I’d find out that she wants to know what my underwear smells like too. Nobody sniffs underwear by just sitting on the sidelines.”At press time, Linden had finally mustered up the courage to get arrested. 
232	Larry	3	What To Say To Someone Who Is A Fan Of Joe Rogan  Joe Rogan is a podcaster and commentator who hosts the controversial Joe Rogan Experience, a show beloved by many on the far right. If you know someone who is a Joe Rogan fan, here are things you should absolutely say to them. It’s nice to let them know you are jealous that they no longer have the burden of thinking for themselves. If the Joe Rogan fan in your life has borrowed any of your workout equipment, try to get it back before it’s seized as evidence in the suspicious death of their estranged wife. Find out whether they know and don’t care or know and agree. No matter where you work, there is someone who thinks Joe Rogan has some pretty good ideas in between you and your goals. It’s hard to be confrontational, but sooner or later they’re going to have to face this truth. That’ll get them going long enough to sneak away. This is the least controversial take you can offer to try and achieve common ground. Hell yeah, he could! Joe Rogan fans also believe people shouldn’t listen to Joe Rogan. Gatekeeping fandom is normally frowned upon, but we’ll make an exception here. Why not make a fun little conspiracy of your own? Of course they do. Joe saved them a whole ton of time and energy, and best of all, now they get to deal with a whole lot less nagging. With all the supplements Joe Rogan fans take and all the meat they eat, it’s bound to happen. Remind them there are hotter, taller misinformation peddlers. Maybe they like Wolfmother, too. You never know. Oh God. Well, we hope you’re ready to get yelled at for the next five hours. Best Bios From The Conservatives-Only Online Dating Site ‘The Right Stuff’ Conservative Commentators You Never Knew Started In Hollywood Gun Laws In Every State Back To Homepage 
232	Jon	2	What To Say To Someone Who Is A Fan Of Joe Rogan  Joe Rogan is a podcaster and commentator who hosts the controversial Joe Rogan Experience, a show beloved by many on the far right. If you know someone who is a Joe Rogan fan, here are things you should absolutely say to them. It’s nice to let them know you are jealous that they no longer have the burden of thinking for themselves. If the Joe Rogan fan in your life has borrowed any of your workout equipment, try to get it back before it’s seized as evidence in the suspicious death of their estranged wife. Find out whether they know and don’t care or know and agree. No matter where you work, there is someone who thinks Joe Rogan has some pretty good ideas in between you and your goals. It’s hard to be confrontational, but sooner or later they’re going to have to face this truth. That’ll get them going long enough to sneak away. This is the least controversial take you can offer to try and achieve common ground. Hell yeah, he could! Joe Rogan fans also believe people shouldn’t listen to Joe Rogan. Gatekeeping fandom is normally frowned upon, but we’ll make an exception here. Why not make a fun little conspiracy of your own? Of course they do. Joe saved them a whole ton of time and energy, and best of all, now they get to deal with a whole lot less nagging. With all the supplements Joe Rogan fans take and all the meat they eat, it’s bound to happen. Remind them there are hotter, taller misinformation peddlers. Maybe they like Wolfmother, too. You never know. Oh God. Well, we hope you’re ready to get yelled at for the next five hours. Best Bios From The Conservatives-Only Online Dating Site ‘The Right Stuff’ Conservative Commentators You Never Knew Started In Hollywood Gun Laws In Every State Back To Homepage 
233	Larry	2	Doctors Warn Insomnia Can Affect Ability Of Weird Guy To Stand In Doorway Watching You Sleep  CHICAGO—In an analysis of the latest research into the condition, doctors from the University of Illinois Chicago warned  Thursday that insomnia can have numerous unexpected consequences, such as impairing the ability of a weird guy to stand in your doorway and watch you sleep. “Chronic sleep loss affects when and for how long a strange, scraggly man can lean on your door frame, gazing at you while you slumber,” said Gary Buckheim, a professor at the university’s sleep center, reminding those who suffer from the disorder that without seven to nine hours of sleep each night, you deprive your body of the opportunity to be hovered over in the dark by a complete weirdo. “One of the long-term consequences of a continual lack of sleep is increased irritability among the creepy guy, who may be frustrated when he realizes he has broken in through your kitchen window for nothing and won’t be able to touch any of your personal items or even just linger there at the threshold, yearning to caress your vulnerable form.” Buckheim added that the quality of your rest was as important as the quantity, observing that if you don’t enter a deep enough sleep, you miss out on the weird guy sniffing your hair and expelling hot breath upon your neck.  
233	Jon	4	Doctors Warn Insomnia Can Affect Ability Of Weird Guy To Stand In Doorway Watching You Sleep  CHICAGO—In an analysis of the latest research into the condition, doctors from the University of Illinois Chicago warned  Thursday that insomnia can have numerous unexpected consequences, such as impairing the ability of a weird guy to stand in your doorway and watch you sleep. “Chronic sleep loss affects when and for how long a strange, scraggly man can lean on your door frame, gazing at you while you slumber,” said Gary Buckheim, a professor at the university’s sleep center, reminding those who suffer from the disorder that without seven to nine hours of sleep each night, you deprive your body of the opportunity to be hovered over in the dark by a complete weirdo. “One of the long-term consequences of a continual lack of sleep is increased irritability among the creepy guy, who may be frustrated when he realizes he has broken in through your kitchen window for nothing and won’t be able to touch any of your personal items or even just linger there at the threshold, yearning to caress your vulnerable form.” Buckheim added that the quality of your rest was as important as the quantity, observing that if you don’t enter a deep enough sleep, you miss out on the weird guy sniffing your hair and expelling hot breath upon your neck.  
234	Larry	4	NFL Gravediggers Rush To Field To Bury Unconscious Player  WASHINGTON—After a particularly bad hit to the head left a member of the Commanders unresponsive, NFL gravediggers were seen rushing to the field Sunday to deliver last rites and bury the unconscious player. Several reports indicated that the crew, which drove out of the stadium tunnel in a burgundy and gold  hearse, consisted of pallbearers, several brawny men with shovels, and a priest. According to sources, the NFL gravediggers cleared FedEx Field of athletes, dug a 6-foot-deep hole in the ground, checked the player for signs of life, and dropped his limp body into his final resting place. The priest reportedly turned on his microphone and delivered a 30-second eulogy. As coaches, teammates, and fans watched with bated breath, witnesses confirmed that the concussed athlete briefly gave a thumbs-up, but soon collapsed again, at which point the gravediggers proceeded to pick up their shovels, buried him under several feet of dirt, covered the hole with a fresh layer of sod, and quickly placed a Commanders-themed headstone emblazoned with “One Legacy. One Unified Future” at the grave site. At press time, over 67,000 spectators at FedEx Field were heard cheering wildly after a second player was knocked unconscious, picked up on a stretcher, and  thrown into a mass grave on the Commanders sidelines. 
234	Jon	4	NFL Gravediggers Rush To Field To Bury Unconscious Player  WASHINGTON—After a particularly bad hit to the head left a member of the Commanders unresponsive, NFL gravediggers were seen rushing to the field Sunday to deliver last rites and bury the unconscious player. Several reports indicated that the crew, which drove out of the stadium tunnel in a burgundy and gold  hearse, consisted of pallbearers, several brawny men with shovels, and a priest. According to sources, the NFL gravediggers cleared FedEx Field of athletes, dug a 6-foot-deep hole in the ground, checked the player for signs of life, and dropped his limp body into his final resting place. The priest reportedly turned on his microphone and delivered a 30-second eulogy. As coaches, teammates, and fans watched with bated breath, witnesses confirmed that the concussed athlete briefly gave a thumbs-up, but soon collapsed again, at which point the gravediggers proceeded to pick up their shovels, buried him under several feet of dirt, covered the hole with a fresh layer of sod, and quickly placed a Commanders-themed headstone emblazoned with “One Legacy. One Unified Future” at the grave site. At press time, over 67,000 spectators at FedEx Field were heard cheering wildly after a second player was knocked unconscious, picked up on a stretcher, and  thrown into a mass grave on the Commanders sidelines. 
235	Larry	4	Apologetic Don Lemon Clarifies A Woman’s Relevance Is Not Defined By Age, But Conventional Attractiveness  NEW YORK—Walking back his previous comments that Republican presidential hopeful Nikki Haley was past her “prime,” an apologetic Don Lemon clarified to reporters Tuesday that a woman’s relevance was not defined by age, but by conventional attractiveness. “It doesn’t matter if a woman is in her 20s or her 70s, her value is only dependent on how hot she is by traditional beauty standards,” said Lemon, adding that as long as a woman has an hourglass figure and symmetrical features that are pleasing to the eye, she can continue to be a valuable contribution to society way past 40. “The reference I made to a woman’s ‘prime’ was unartful and irrelevant, and I realize that being younger does not automatically give someone more worth, especially if they’re overweight. The only requirement a woman needs in order to have any relevance is to be a total smoke show.” Lemon continued that he was extremely sorry for suggesting that Nikki Haley was past her prime when really all she needed was a little Botox or filler. 
235	Jon	4	Apologetic Don Lemon Clarifies A Woman’s Relevance Is Not Defined By Age, But Conventional Attractiveness  NEW YORK—Walking back his previous comments that Republican presidential hopeful Nikki Haley was past her “prime,” an apologetic Don Lemon clarified to reporters Tuesday that a woman’s relevance was not defined by age, but by conventional attractiveness. “It doesn’t matter if a woman is in her 20s or her 70s, her value is only dependent on how hot she is by traditional beauty standards,” said Lemon, adding that as long as a woman has an hourglass figure and symmetrical features that are pleasing to the eye, she can continue to be a valuable contribution to society way past 40. “The reference I made to a woman’s ‘prime’ was unartful and irrelevant, and I realize that being younger does not automatically give someone more worth, especially if they’re overweight. The only requirement a woman needs in order to have any relevance is to be a total smoke show.” Lemon continued that he was extremely sorry for suggesting that Nikki Haley was past her prime when really all she needed was a little Botox or filler. 
236	Larry	5	"World's Scientists Admit They Just Don't Like Mice  ZURICH, SWITZERLAND—Nearly 700 scientists representing 27 countries convened at the University of Zurich Monday to formally announce that their experimentation on mice has been motivated not by a desire to advance human knowledge, but out of sheer distaste for the furry little rodents.  ""As a man of science, I deal with facts, and the fact is that mice are gross,"" said Dr. Douglas White, chair of the Oxford biogenetics department and lifelong mouse-hater. ""They're squirmy, scurrying little vermin, and they make my skin crawl. I speak for all of my assembled colleagues when I say that the horrible little things deserve the worst we can dish out.""  According to a 500-word statement, scientists hate mice for ""their beady little eyes,"" ""their repulsive tails,"" and ""the annoying little squeaking sounds they make.""  At the press conference, several scientists detailed their involvement in the centuries-long ruse of ""conducting experiments"" and ""curing diseases.""  ""For years, I've used lab mice to research cell breakdown in living tissue—and I've been lucky enough to make some pretty important medical advancements along the way,"" said researcher Ellen Gresham of the Harvard Institute for Advanced Studies. ""But even if there were no scientific benefit to the work I do, I'd still experiment on mice, just to watch them suffer.""  Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool ""The truth is, mice are particularly ill-suited for our tissue study,"" Gresham added. ""We could construct a computer model that would yield more accurate results, but we don't care.""  According to Gresham, scientists have enjoyed dissolving mice in acid, spinning them in centrifuges, blowing them up in vacuum chambers, and forcing them to navigate exit-free mazes for years—all the while towering above them, laughing.  ""Every high-pitched squeak from the holding area is a warm reminder that the mice desperately want to escape,"" said Dr. Frances Villalobos, a contagious-disease researcher at the University of Mexico. ""All they want to do is get out from behind those bars so they can chew on everything, defecate all over, and poke their filthy twitching faces into piles of garbage. Well, I know of at least 80 little test subjects who won't be doing any more of that. They're headed straight for the dissection lab.""  Villalobos said he spent six months writing a grant proposal that provided him with funding to inject mice with the smallpox virus.  ""It kills me that I can't infect the control group,"" Villalobos said. ""Unfortunately, if I infect them, I'll throw off my results. But once I complete this experiment, I'll rotate the control group into the hot seat. Don't you worry. They'll get what's coming to them.""  After applauding the scientists for coming forward, anthropologist Brent Wrigley suggested that the hatred of mice may be the single most important factor in the evolution of modern science.  ""Despising mice may have pushed humanity out of the Stone Age,"" Wrigley said. ""After all, the cave habitats of early man must have been infested with the horrific little monsters. The entire history of human advancement via the scientific method may be a byproduct of the higher forebrain's natural revulsion toward the nasty critters.""  Mouse-killing isn't solely the province of organic and medical scientists. Many other scientists kill mice, as well.  ""As a physicist, I don't really have much cause to use mice in my regular research, which mostly requires the use of theoretical math,"" said Dr. Thomas Huber, author of the 1996 study Mouse Elasticity And Kinetic Rebound In High-Acceleration Collisions. ""But when I have the time, I like to send them flying into walls. Even just seeing them in a cage makes me feel kind of good inside. I like knowing I'm depriving them of their freedom, even if my research doesn't provide me the opportunity to cut them open.""  ""I hate those little fuckers,"" he added.  "
236	Jon	4	"World's Scientists Admit They Just Don't Like Mice  ZURICH, SWITZERLAND—Nearly 700 scientists representing 27 countries convened at the University of Zurich Monday to formally announce that their experimentation on mice has been motivated not by a desire to advance human knowledge, but out of sheer distaste for the furry little rodents.  ""As a man of science, I deal with facts, and the fact is that mice are gross,"" said Dr. Douglas White, chair of the Oxford biogenetics department and lifelong mouse-hater. ""They're squirmy, scurrying little vermin, and they make my skin crawl. I speak for all of my assembled colleagues when I say that the horrible little things deserve the worst we can dish out.""  According to a 500-word statement, scientists hate mice for ""their beady little eyes,"" ""their repulsive tails,"" and ""the annoying little squeaking sounds they make.""  At the press conference, several scientists detailed their involvement in the centuries-long ruse of ""conducting experiments"" and ""curing diseases.""  ""For years, I've used lab mice to research cell breakdown in living tissue—and I've been lucky enough to make some pretty important medical advancements along the way,"" said researcher Ellen Gresham of the Harvard Institute for Advanced Studies. ""But even if there were no scientific benefit to the work I do, I'd still experiment on mice, just to watch them suffer.""  Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool ""The truth is, mice are particularly ill-suited for our tissue study,"" Gresham added. ""We could construct a computer model that would yield more accurate results, but we don't care.""  According to Gresham, scientists have enjoyed dissolving mice in acid, spinning them in centrifuges, blowing them up in vacuum chambers, and forcing them to navigate exit-free mazes for years—all the while towering above them, laughing.  ""Every high-pitched squeak from the holding area is a warm reminder that the mice desperately want to escape,"" said Dr. Frances Villalobos, a contagious-disease researcher at the University of Mexico. ""All they want to do is get out from behind those bars so they can chew on everything, defecate all over, and poke their filthy twitching faces into piles of garbage. Well, I know of at least 80 little test subjects who won't be doing any more of that. They're headed straight for the dissection lab.""  Villalobos said he spent six months writing a grant proposal that provided him with funding to inject mice with the smallpox virus.  ""It kills me that I can't infect the control group,"" Villalobos said. ""Unfortunately, if I infect them, I'll throw off my results. But once I complete this experiment, I'll rotate the control group into the hot seat. Don't you worry. They'll get what's coming to them.""  After applauding the scientists for coming forward, anthropologist Brent Wrigley suggested that the hatred of mice may be the single most important factor in the evolution of modern science.  ""Despising mice may have pushed humanity out of the Stone Age,"" Wrigley said. ""After all, the cave habitats of early man must have been infested with the horrific little monsters. The entire history of human advancement via the scientific method may be a byproduct of the higher forebrain's natural revulsion toward the nasty critters.""  Mouse-killing isn't solely the province of organic and medical scientists. Many other scientists kill mice, as well.  ""As a physicist, I don't really have much cause to use mice in my regular research, which mostly requires the use of theoretical math,"" said Dr. Thomas Huber, author of the 1996 study Mouse Elasticity And Kinetic Rebound In High-Acceleration Collisions. ""But when I have the time, I like to send them flying into walls. Even just seeing them in a cage makes me feel kind of good inside. I like knowing I'm depriving them of their freedom, even if my research doesn't provide me the opportunity to cut them open.""  ""I hate those little fuckers,"" he added.  "
237	Larry	1	Valentine’s Dinner Ruined After Boyfriend Overcooks Edible Underwear  CHICAGO—Rushing into the kitchen with shock after noticing the burnt candy odor, local man Tyler Suderman reportedly ruined Valentine’s Day dinner Tuesday after accidentally overcooking the edible underwear he had prepared for his girlfriend. “Oh gosh, I was just trying to get a good sear on the roast gummy bra and panties, and now everything is ruined!” said the 32-year-old, frantically waving the blue-raspberry-tinted smoke aside as he removed the blackened and charred candy lingerie from the oven with dismay. “I made it crotchless because it’s her favorite, too! Jeez, she’s going to be home any minute. None of this is salvageable. Ugh, how am I ever going to find out how many licks it takes to get to the center of her sweet spot now?” At press time, Suderman had reportedly called up Cheri’s Dungeon to see if they did rush deliveries of Rainbow Candy Ball Gags that he could pass off as his own. 
237	Jon	1	Valentine’s Dinner Ruined After Boyfriend Overcooks Edible Underwear  CHICAGO—Rushing into the kitchen with shock after noticing the burnt candy odor, local man Tyler Suderman reportedly ruined Valentine’s Day dinner Tuesday after accidentally overcooking the edible underwear he had prepared for his girlfriend. “Oh gosh, I was just trying to get a good sear on the roast gummy bra and panties, and now everything is ruined!” said the 32-year-old, frantically waving the blue-raspberry-tinted smoke aside as he removed the blackened and charred candy lingerie from the oven with dismay. “I made it crotchless because it’s her favorite, too! Jeez, she’s going to be home any minute. None of this is salvageable. Ugh, how am I ever going to find out how many licks it takes to get to the center of her sweet spot now?” At press time, Suderman had reportedly called up Cheri’s Dungeon to see if they did rush deliveries of Rainbow Candy Ball Gags that he could pass off as his own. 
238	Larry	2	Mom Doing Full-Time, Unpaid PR For Some Disney+ Show About Whales  WAYNESVILLE, OH—Launching what appeared to be a fully coordinated social media campaign to alert family and friends to the program, sources told reporters Wednesday that local mother Teresa Sheradon was apparently doing full-time, unpaid PR now for some Disney+ show about whales. Sheradon, whom sources confirmed had essentially been doing the work of a seasoned New York City media professional with a six-figure salary and a Rolodex of industry contacts, reportedly spent the last several days drumming up press about the six-part nature-based docuseries; penning effusive posts on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and TikTok; and urging everyone in her immediate circle to tune in each week for the premiere. The show, which followed an intrepid family of orca whales as they crossed the ocean together, reportedly caught Sheradon’s eye so much that by the time the finale aired, the retired mother of three had mounted a full-on media blitz, even going so far as to post a 2,000-word tribute to show, commenting repeatedly on the show’s official pages with the heart emoji, and changing her avatar to the show’s logo of two smiling, hugging whales. At press time, Sheradon’s accounts on several social media platforms had reportedly been flagged and removed for misconduct after the show was suddenly cancelled and she attempted to incite a coordinated cyberbullying campaign against the Disney corporation to have it renewed for Season 2. 
238	Jon	3	Mom Doing Full-Time, Unpaid PR For Some Disney+ Show About Whales  WAYNESVILLE, OH—Launching what appeared to be a fully coordinated social media campaign to alert family and friends to the program, sources told reporters Wednesday that local mother Teresa Sheradon was apparently doing full-time, unpaid PR now for some Disney+ show about whales. Sheradon, whom sources confirmed had essentially been doing the work of a seasoned New York City media professional with a six-figure salary and a Rolodex of industry contacts, reportedly spent the last several days drumming up press about the six-part nature-based docuseries; penning effusive posts on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and TikTok; and urging everyone in her immediate circle to tune in each week for the premiere. The show, which followed an intrepid family of orca whales as they crossed the ocean together, reportedly caught Sheradon’s eye so much that by the time the finale aired, the retired mother of three had mounted a full-on media blitz, even going so far as to post a 2,000-word tribute to show, commenting repeatedly on the show’s official pages with the heart emoji, and changing her avatar to the show’s logo of two smiling, hugging whales. At press time, Sheradon’s accounts on several social media platforms had reportedly been flagged and removed for misconduct after the show was suddenly cancelled and she attempted to incite a coordinated cyberbullying campaign against the Disney corporation to have it renewed for Season 2. 
239	Larry	3	Artemis Rocket Carrying Mannequins To Determine Viability Of Department Stores On Moon  CAPE CANAVERAL, FL—In an effort to one day place a permanent outpost in space, NASA confirmed Thursday that the recently launched Artemis I Mega Rocket was carrying mannequins to determine the viability of department stores on the moon. “Sending the three mannequins to the moon will tell us if we could one day establish a Marshalls, T.J. Maxx, or Macy’s on the lunar surface,” said NASA administrator Bill Nelson, adding that this test flight would also collect data that would help scientists decide if the environment was right to host an activewear window display, shoe racks, several jewelry counters, and fitting rooms. “We are expecting the mannequins to touch down in the Apollo Basin, which could be a habitable location for an enclosed shopping center with plenty of parking and several fast food chain restaurants in the vicinity. This mission is a huge first step in determining whether humans could one day shop on the moon.” At press time, concerns were reportedly growing over the NASA expedition when the mannequins onboard the Artemis’ Orion capsule were unresponsive to mission control. 
239	Jon	4	Artemis Rocket Carrying Mannequins To Determine Viability Of Department Stores On Moon  CAPE CANAVERAL, FL—In an effort to one day place a permanent outpost in space, NASA confirmed Thursday that the recently launched Artemis I Mega Rocket was carrying mannequins to determine the viability of department stores on the moon. “Sending the three mannequins to the moon will tell us if we could one day establish a Marshalls, T.J. Maxx, or Macy’s on the lunar surface,” said NASA administrator Bill Nelson, adding that this test flight would also collect data that would help scientists decide if the environment was right to host an activewear window display, shoe racks, several jewelry counters, and fitting rooms. “We are expecting the mannequins to touch down in the Apollo Basin, which could be a habitable location for an enclosed shopping center with plenty of parking and several fast food chain restaurants in the vicinity. This mission is a huge first step in determining whether humans could one day shop on the moon.” At press time, concerns were reportedly growing over the NASA expedition when the mannequins onboard the Artemis’ Orion capsule were unresponsive to mission control. 
240	Larry	2	Ho, Ho, Ho, A Cabal Of Elite Pedophiles Is Trying To Kill Me!  Season’s greetings from your old friend Santa! With Christmas just a few short days away, Santa is hard at work making toys, loading his sleigh, and getting ready to deliver presents to all of his favorite children around the world! While so many of you have strived to make Santa’s good list this year, Old St. Nick has unfortunately heard that there are some very, very naughty boys and girls out there who are wielding their incredible wealth, connections, and power to have me killed. Gather round, little ones, and listen here, because there are some hearts that aren’t overflowing with cheer!  A cabal of elite pedophiles wants Santa dead, because I, Father Christmas, know everything they’ve done, and have threatened to expose their decades-long, secret involvement in a worldwide child trafficking ring! Ho, ho, ho! You see, my sweet little sugar plums, Santa made his list and checked it twice and found that the most powerful members of society spent decades illegally kidnapping special little children just like you and selling them into sex slavery!  Santa’s little elves have been keeping especially close tabs on the billionaires, celebrities, and former U.S. presidents. And the sad thing is, my dear children, they’ve realized the only way to bury this, before word gets out, is to put a bullet through jolly old St. Nick’s brain!” Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool Oh yes indeed, Santa has seen everything! He’s seen dark money. He’s seen drugs. Why, this right old jolly elf has even seen the flight logs! That’s right! And do you know what Santa found? That the machine that enables these insidious crimes goes straight to the top of every major government, corporation, and industry on the planet.  And Santa has just started to scratch the surface! The police, you say? Oh, my dear, perfect darlings! May the sweet songs of carolers always fill your innocent little heads!  You see, young ones, these sick, hideously wealthy perverts have paid off everyone, from law enforcement, to top government officials, to the highest courts in all the land. They do their business openly, because they know they can. Unlike dear Santa, they do not ever have to hide! ’Tis the season, my darlings, for Santa to keep a close watch on his six.  The truth is, boys and girls, there’s nowhere in the world that Santa is safe! Every continent! Every country. Why, this elite group of child abusers even have their tentacles here, all the way up at the North Pole! Call Santa paranoid, but I’m beginning to think that I can’t even trust my elves, my reindeer, or even my dear, sweet wife, Mrs. Clause. Who knows? They could have paid her off to kill me.  Or Mrs. Clause might be a sicko perv. Old Saint Nick won’t be hanging up too many Christmas lights at the North Pole this year, because he knows the powerful elite will just use them to string up his corpse from the rafters of Santa’s Workshop.  Now, don’t be naive, sweet little ones. If Santa dies, they will make it look like an accident. When their trained squad of goons finally snaps my neck, injects me with poison, or shoots me in the head, they’ll tie Santa’s limp, bloodied corpse to the back of his sled.  As sure as Old Saint Nick’s round belly shakes a bowl full of jelly, the media will report it as a suicide. But you’ll know better. Yes you will, boys and girls! Santa sees you when you’re sleeping. He knows when you’re awake! And Santa knows Jeffrey Epstein may have been naughty, but he sure as shit didn’t hang himself!  You see, old Kris Kringle might have a jolly laugh, a big pink nose, and a twinkle in his eye, but by golly, he’s no damn fool. Santa knows there’s a target on his back, killers on his tail, and a bounty on his head for a cool $10 million.  But boys and girls, do you think he won’t defend himself? Ho, ho, ho! Of course Santa is packing and it’s the best present he ever got for himself. A Glock 43!  Well, your dear friend Santa has probably said too much already, dear little ones. But just remember that come Christmas, if no one slides down your chimney, places presents under the tree, or brings cheer to the world, then Santa is definitely, 100% dead. Also, never repeat any of this. Because guess what? They’ll kill you too! 
240	Jon	4	Ho, Ho, Ho, A Cabal Of Elite Pedophiles Is Trying To Kill Me!  Season’s greetings from your old friend Santa! With Christmas just a few short days away, Santa is hard at work making toys, loading his sleigh, and getting ready to deliver presents to all of his favorite children around the world! While so many of you have strived to make Santa’s good list this year, Old St. Nick has unfortunately heard that there are some very, very naughty boys and girls out there who are wielding their incredible wealth, connections, and power to have me killed. Gather round, little ones, and listen here, because there are some hearts that aren’t overflowing with cheer!  A cabal of elite pedophiles wants Santa dead, because I, Father Christmas, know everything they’ve done, and have threatened to expose their decades-long, secret involvement in a worldwide child trafficking ring! Ho, ho, ho! You see, my sweet little sugar plums, Santa made his list and checked it twice and found that the most powerful members of society spent decades illegally kidnapping special little children just like you and selling them into sex slavery!  Santa’s little elves have been keeping especially close tabs on the billionaires, celebrities, and former U.S. presidents. And the sad thing is, my dear children, they’ve realized the only way to bury this, before word gets out, is to put a bullet through jolly old St. Nick’s brain!” Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool Oh yes indeed, Santa has seen everything! He’s seen dark money. He’s seen drugs. Why, this right old jolly elf has even seen the flight logs! That’s right! And do you know what Santa found? That the machine that enables these insidious crimes goes straight to the top of every major government, corporation, and industry on the planet.  And Santa has just started to scratch the surface! The police, you say? Oh, my dear, perfect darlings! May the sweet songs of carolers always fill your innocent little heads!  You see, young ones, these sick, hideously wealthy perverts have paid off everyone, from law enforcement, to top government officials, to the highest courts in all the land. They do their business openly, because they know they can. Unlike dear Santa, they do not ever have to hide! ’Tis the season, my darlings, for Santa to keep a close watch on his six.  The truth is, boys and girls, there’s nowhere in the world that Santa is safe! Every continent! Every country. Why, this elite group of child abusers even have their tentacles here, all the way up at the North Pole! Call Santa paranoid, but I’m beginning to think that I can’t even trust my elves, my reindeer, or even my dear, sweet wife, Mrs. Clause. Who knows? They could have paid her off to kill me.  Or Mrs. Clause might be a sicko perv. Old Saint Nick won’t be hanging up too many Christmas lights at the North Pole this year, because he knows the powerful elite will just use them to string up his corpse from the rafters of Santa’s Workshop.  Now, don’t be naive, sweet little ones. If Santa dies, they will make it look like an accident. When their trained squad of goons finally snaps my neck, injects me with poison, or shoots me in the head, they’ll tie Santa’s limp, bloodied corpse to the back of his sled.  As sure as Old Saint Nick’s round belly shakes a bowl full of jelly, the media will report it as a suicide. But you’ll know better. Yes you will, boys and girls! Santa sees you when you’re sleeping. He knows when you’re awake! And Santa knows Jeffrey Epstein may have been naughty, but he sure as shit didn’t hang himself!  You see, old Kris Kringle might have a jolly laugh, a big pink nose, and a twinkle in his eye, but by golly, he’s no damn fool. Santa knows there’s a target on his back, killers on his tail, and a bounty on his head for a cool $10 million.  But boys and girls, do you think he won’t defend himself? Ho, ho, ho! Of course Santa is packing and it’s the best present he ever got for himself. A Glock 43!  Well, your dear friend Santa has probably said too much already, dear little ones. But just remember that come Christmas, if no one slides down your chimney, places presents under the tree, or brings cheer to the world, then Santa is definitely, 100% dead. Also, never repeat any of this. Because guess what? They’ll kill you too! 
241	Larry	3	Full-Faced Black Hood™ Drops Kanye West As Celebrity Spokesperson  NEW YORK—In response to the rapper’s recent antisemitic comments during his appearance on conspiracy theorist Alex Jones’ Infowars show, head-covering company Full-Faced Black Hood™ announced Friday it had ended its partnership with Ye, formerly known as Kanye West. “We have taken the decision to terminate Ye’s sponsorship of our face-covering headwear, effective immediately,” said Full-Faced Black Hood™ CEO Greg Cullinan, who added that Ye’s recent rhetoric and actions had been unacceptable and dangerous, violating the values of tolerance and inclusion that a company making black stretchy hoods that completely cover the face take very seriously. “We’ve been a family company for over 75 years, actually having been at the forefront of obscuring the faces of anti-Nazis for decades, and therefore, we can no longer in good conscience work with Mr. West. We hope this sends a powerful message to the world that antisemitism and bigotry have no place in a Full-Faced Black Hood™.” Cullinan added that while company executives strongly condemned Mr. West’s hateful comments, they asked that everyone please note how crystal clear his voice sounded when coming through one of their high-quality full-faced hoods. 
241	Jon	4	Full-Faced Black Hood™ Drops Kanye West As Celebrity Spokesperson  NEW YORK—In response to the rapper’s recent antisemitic comments during his appearance on conspiracy theorist Alex Jones’ Infowars show, head-covering company Full-Faced Black Hood™ announced Friday it had ended its partnership with Ye, formerly known as Kanye West. “We have taken the decision to terminate Ye’s sponsorship of our face-covering headwear, effective immediately,” said Full-Faced Black Hood™ CEO Greg Cullinan, who added that Ye’s recent rhetoric and actions had been unacceptable and dangerous, violating the values of tolerance and inclusion that a company making black stretchy hoods that completely cover the face take very seriously. “We’ve been a family company for over 75 years, actually having been at the forefront of obscuring the faces of anti-Nazis for decades, and therefore, we can no longer in good conscience work with Mr. West. We hope this sends a powerful message to the world that antisemitism and bigotry have no place in a Full-Faced Black Hood™.” Cullinan added that while company executives strongly condemned Mr. West’s hateful comments, they asked that everyone please note how crystal clear his voice sounded when coming through one of their high-quality full-faced hoods. 
242	Larry	4	U.S. Successfully Shoots Down Kid Jumping Too High On Trampoline  WASHINGTON—Following weeks of closer scrutiny into objects entering U.S. airspace, Pentagon officials announced Tuesday that they’d successfully shot down a kid jumping too high on a trampoline. “The airborne object spotted about nine feet above a small midwestern town was successfully downed by an American F-22 with NORAD,” said Pentagon press secretary Brig. Gen. Patrick Ryder, confirming that the kid had been jumping way too high to not pose a very real threat to civilian air traffic. “We noticed the suspicious 10-year-old repeatedly approaching the United States fly zone on an erratic launch pattern, and our people had no record of approval for him to be at that altitude. As soon as we saw him bringing in a huskier boy for a double-bouncing maneuver, we knew we had to take action. We have not yet identified the purpose of such vigorous jumping, but we do believe his intentions were to get a better look at the rest of the neighborhood from up high in order to gather confidential state secrets.” At press time, the Pentagon claimed to have found additional evidence that the bouncing child was sent to the Michigan suburb by a foreign terror organization. 
242	Jon	5	U.S. Successfully Shoots Down Kid Jumping Too High On Trampoline  WASHINGTON—Following weeks of closer scrutiny into objects entering U.S. airspace, Pentagon officials announced Tuesday that they’d successfully shot down a kid jumping too high on a trampoline. “The airborne object spotted about nine feet above a small midwestern town was successfully downed by an American F-22 with NORAD,” said Pentagon press secretary Brig. Gen. Patrick Ryder, confirming that the kid had been jumping way too high to not pose a very real threat to civilian air traffic. “We noticed the suspicious 10-year-old repeatedly approaching the United States fly zone on an erratic launch pattern, and our people had no record of approval for him to be at that altitude. As soon as we saw him bringing in a huskier boy for a double-bouncing maneuver, we knew we had to take action. We have not yet identified the purpose of such vigorous jumping, but we do believe his intentions were to get a better look at the rest of the neighborhood from up high in order to gather confidential state secrets.” At press time, the Pentagon claimed to have found additional evidence that the bouncing child was sent to the Michigan suburb by a foreign terror organization. 
243	Larry	4	Logan Paul Challenges Abandoned Pet Pig To Boxing Match  DORADO, PUERTO RICO—Vowing to put the animal in her place “once and for all,” internet personality and professional wrestler Logan Paul publicly challenged his former pet pig Pearl to a boxing match on Friday. “I heard you’ve been oinking a lot of shit about me, Pearl, but soon the whole world will know the clown that you are,” said the 27-year-old YouTuber, who stated that while he had never mistreated the potbellied pig once in the two years he owned her, he was ready to dole out a long-overdue beating. “Listen, I don’t like you, and you don’t like me. So let’s settle this in the ring. Meet me in Miami whenever you’re ready. The Hard Rock Stadium, 12 rounds, just you and me. Hooves up, bitch. I’ll make bacon out of you. That is, unless you’re too scared?” At press time, reports confirmed Paul had been knocked out cold by Pearl in a record 2.5 seconds. 
243	Jon	2	Logan Paul Challenges Abandoned Pet Pig To Boxing Match  DORADO, PUERTO RICO—Vowing to put the animal in her place “once and for all,” internet personality and professional wrestler Logan Paul publicly challenged his former pet pig Pearl to a boxing match on Friday. “I heard you’ve been oinking a lot of shit about me, Pearl, but soon the whole world will know the clown that you are,” said the 27-year-old YouTuber, who stated that while he had never mistreated the potbellied pig once in the two years he owned her, he was ready to dole out a long-overdue beating. “Listen, I don’t like you, and you don’t like me. So let’s settle this in the ring. Meet me in Miami whenever you’re ready. The Hard Rock Stadium, 12 rounds, just you and me. Hooves up, bitch. I’ll make bacon out of you. That is, unless you’re too scared?” At press time, reports confirmed Paul had been knocked out cold by Pearl in a record 2.5 seconds. 
244	Larry	2	The Onion’s Guide To Renewable Energy  Renewable energy is on the rise as it becomes cheaper to produce the necessary tools and systems for transitioning the planet to a greener future. The Onion presents a glossary to common terms in the renewable energy space. Wind Turbine: Electromechanical device that converts the wind’s kinetic energy into dead birds. Hydropower: It’s like when you flush a toilet. Recyclable: Not accepted by your local recycling plant. Carbon Credit: Certified proof that the wealthy can continue doing whatever they want. Wood: Tree bones. Offshore Wind Farm: Wind-based power plant built specifically to ruin ocean views from rich assholes’ beach houses. Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool Sen. Jim Inhofe (R-OK): New acquisition that will save the company millions in infrastructure upgrade costs. Biohazards: The people running oil companies. Green Hydrogen: Hydrogen produced via water electrolysis that America would happily use as a weapon of war. Earth: Dying planet you’re reading this from. 
244	Jon	3	The Onion’s Guide To Renewable Energy  Renewable energy is on the rise as it becomes cheaper to produce the necessary tools and systems for transitioning the planet to a greener future. The Onion presents a glossary to common terms in the renewable energy space. Wind Turbine: Electromechanical device that converts the wind’s kinetic energy into dead birds. Hydropower: It’s like when you flush a toilet. Recyclable: Not accepted by your local recycling plant. Carbon Credit: Certified proof that the wealthy can continue doing whatever they want. Wood: Tree bones. Offshore Wind Farm: Wind-based power plant built specifically to ruin ocean views from rich assholes’ beach houses. Up to 20 hours of battery It’s ruggedly durable so it can withstand any accidental bumps or drops and the waterproof casing makes it a perfect fit for any outdoor activity like taking to the beach or pool Sen. Jim Inhofe (R-OK): New acquisition that will save the company millions in infrastructure upgrade costs. Biohazards: The people running oil companies. Green Hydrogen: Hydrogen produced via water electrolysis that America would happily use as a weapon of war. Earth: Dying planet you’re reading this from. 
245	Larry	2	Onion Sports’ NFL Divisional Round Picks  Onion Sports shares its expert analysis on the teams that will come away with victory in the NFL’s Divisional Round. Jaguars: Expect Chiefs coach Andy Reid to have something special up his sleeve for this game. Unfortunately, that will just be a dozen hot dogs. Zay Jones: The Jags wide receiver has the field awareness needed to witness numerous Trevor Lawrence interceptions. Josh Allen: This could be a perfect opportunity for the pass rusher to pick up a loose quarterback on the ground and return it for a touchdown. Patrick Mahomes: Kansas City’s star QB is expected to have his best State Farm commercial yet. Chris Jones: Expect the massive defensive tackle to struggle to make it out of the Jaguars’ backfield. Eagles: Jalen Hurts and the Eagles have what it takes to bring a small dollop of joy to Philadelphia citizens’ otherwise bleak, empty lives. Daniel Jones: The quarterback has a bright future with his next team. Dexter Lawrence: The Giants colossal nose tackle will rely on his flexibility and athleticism, which allow him to change direction at least once per game. Jason Kelce: The Eagles’ Pro Bowl center is reportedly practicing a knuckleball hike Ndamukong Suh: Though playing as a backup, the veteran Suh is hoping he still has a few more dirty plays left in him. Bengals: After Week 17’s suspended matchup, Cincinnati will be eager to get revenge on Damar Hamlin. Joe Burrow: Pretty much just needs to go out there and not throw 20 picks to go down as the best quarterback in Bengals history. Eli Apple: The feisty cornerback will do whatever it takes to be dragged into the end zone while clinging to Josh Allen’s back. Stefon Diggs: Buffalo’s wideout has shown the ability to make seemingly impossible catches, rending the delicate fabric of our so-called “reality” and plunging NFL fans into a horrid abyss of unfathomable madness. Tremaine Edmunds: The middle linebacker is the heart and soul and lower intestine and trachea and stapes bone of the Bills defense. 49ers: San Francisco has better defenders, a more explosive offense, and it’s just really gratifying to see Jerry Jones absolutely fucking miserable. Dak Prescott: He has the kind of arm that can ruin the hopes and dreams of any Cowboys fan. Micah Parsons: Keep a close eye on the Dallas linebacker, who is a dual threat as a pass rusher and a player who can turn completely invisible for multiple quarters. Brock Purdy: Luckily for San Francisco, Brock Purdy has zero professional experience with losing and barely comprehends the concept of defeat. Nick Bosa: Expect Bosa to come out strong on every play in order to sack Dak Prescott before he has the chance to throw a pick. 
245	Jon	2	Onion Sports’ NFL Divisional Round Picks  Onion Sports shares its expert analysis on the teams that will come away with victory in the NFL’s Divisional Round. Jaguars: Expect Chiefs coach Andy Reid to have something special up his sleeve for this game. Unfortunately, that will just be a dozen hot dogs. Zay Jones: The Jags wide receiver has the field awareness needed to witness numerous Trevor Lawrence interceptions. Josh Allen: This could be a perfect opportunity for the pass rusher to pick up a loose quarterback on the ground and return it for a touchdown. Patrick Mahomes: Kansas City’s star QB is expected to have his best State Farm commercial yet. Chris Jones: Expect the massive defensive tackle to struggle to make it out of the Jaguars’ backfield. Eagles: Jalen Hurts and the Eagles have what it takes to bring a small dollop of joy to Philadelphia citizens’ otherwise bleak, empty lives. Daniel Jones: The quarterback has a bright future with his next team. Dexter Lawrence: The Giants colossal nose tackle will rely on his flexibility and athleticism, which allow him to change direction at least once per game. Jason Kelce: The Eagles’ Pro Bowl center is reportedly practicing a knuckleball hike Ndamukong Suh: Though playing as a backup, the veteran Suh is hoping he still has a few more dirty plays left in him. Bengals: After Week 17’s suspended matchup, Cincinnati will be eager to get revenge on Damar Hamlin. Joe Burrow: Pretty much just needs to go out there and not throw 20 picks to go down as the best quarterback in Bengals history. Eli Apple: The feisty cornerback will do whatever it takes to be dragged into the end zone while clinging to Josh Allen’s back. Stefon Diggs: Buffalo’s wideout has shown the ability to make seemingly impossible catches, rending the delicate fabric of our so-called “reality” and plunging NFL fans into a horrid abyss of unfathomable madness. Tremaine Edmunds: The middle linebacker is the heart and soul and lower intestine and trachea and stapes bone of the Bills defense. 49ers: San Francisco has better defenders, a more explosive offense, and it’s just really gratifying to see Jerry Jones absolutely fucking miserable. Dak Prescott: He has the kind of arm that can ruin the hopes and dreams of any Cowboys fan. Micah Parsons: Keep a close eye on the Dallas linebacker, who is a dual threat as a pass rusher and a player who can turn completely invisible for multiple quarters. Brock Purdy: Luckily for San Francisco, Brock Purdy has zero professional experience with losing and barely comprehends the concept of defeat. Nick Bosa: Expect Bosa to come out strong on every play in order to sack Dak Prescott before he has the chance to throw a pick. 
246	Larry	5	Trump Condemns Courts For Forcing His Already Cash-Strapped Supporters To Pay $1.6 Million Tax Fraud Fine  PALM BEACH, FL—Declaring the penalty extreme and unjust,  Donald Trump condemned the New York courts Friday for forcing his already cash-strapped supporters to pay a $1.6 million fine for tax fraud. “It is wrong for the courts to place this undue burden on my followers, who have already spent many millions of dollars to cover my legal fees,” said the former president, adding that the imposition of such a fine at a time when MAGA supporters were already struggling just to make their recurring weekly donations to his next presidential campaign was especially cruel. “This could absolutely crush some of my donors, especially the low-income people, who are so blindly loyal with their support. Making the many blue-collar Americans who give me money shell out another $1.6 million for this pointless fine when I’ll be asking for much, much more from them in the future is heartless, and the judge and district attorney should be ashamed.” At press time, Trump’s team sent out an email to his supporters, promising to make the courts pay for this great injustice in exchange for a small contribution to his campaign. 
246	Jon	5	Trump Condemns Courts For Forcing His Already Cash-Strapped Supporters To Pay $1.6 Million Tax Fraud Fine  PALM BEACH, FL—Declaring the penalty extreme and unjust,  Donald Trump condemned the New York courts Friday for forcing his already cash-strapped supporters to pay a $1.6 million fine for tax fraud. “It is wrong for the courts to place this undue burden on my followers, who have already spent many millions of dollars to cover my legal fees,” said the former president, adding that the imposition of such a fine at a time when MAGA supporters were already struggling just to make their recurring weekly donations to his next presidential campaign was especially cruel. “This could absolutely crush some of my donors, especially the low-income people, who are so blindly loyal with their support. Making the many blue-collar Americans who give me money shell out another $1.6 million for this pointless fine when I’ll be asking for much, much more from them in the future is heartless, and the judge and district attorney should be ashamed.” At press time, Trump’s team sent out an email to his supporters, promising to make the courts pay for this great injustice in exchange for a small contribution to his campaign. 
247	Larry	3	Bud Selig Admits Taking Steroids Throughout Commissionership  MILWAUKEE, WI—Reflecting on the aspects of his tenure as the top executive of Major League Baseball, Bud Selig on Tuesday reportedly admitted to taking steroids throughout his commissionership. “Sure, I did some performance-enhancing drugs, but you have to understand, that’s just how things were done back in the day,” said Selig, adding that he took anabolic steroids, as well as human growth hormone in order to gain an edge over the other MLB front-office executives. “Show me a commissioner who didn’t take steroids in the ’90s. It’s out of necessity, really—there are over 2,000 games in the season, and if you’re going to be able to oversee all of them at a high level, you’re going to need a little boost. And while I’m not trying to promote steroids, it’s worth noting that many of my greatest accomplishments, like interleague play and giving the All-Star Game winners home-field advantage in the World Series, might not have happened without a little bit of something extra. I certainly don’t think it should be disqualifying for me to have made the Hall of Fame.” Selig also defended taking steroids by noting that drug use among commissioners had been common across MLB history, including Bowie Kuhn, who reportedly used amphetamines during his tenure in the 1970s and early ’80s, and Kenesaw Mountain Landis, who consumed copious amounts of cocaine and alcohol during the 1920s. 
247	Jon	3	Bud Selig Admits Taking Steroids Throughout Commissionership  MILWAUKEE, WI—Reflecting on the aspects of his tenure as the top executive of Major League Baseball, Bud Selig on Tuesday reportedly admitted to taking steroids throughout his commissionership. “Sure, I did some performance-enhancing drugs, but you have to understand, that’s just how things were done back in the day,” said Selig, adding that he took anabolic steroids, as well as human growth hormone in order to gain an edge over the other MLB front-office executives. “Show me a commissioner who didn’t take steroids in the ’90s. It’s out of necessity, really—there are over 2,000 games in the season, and if you’re going to be able to oversee all of them at a high level, you’re going to need a little boost. And while I’m not trying to promote steroids, it’s worth noting that many of my greatest accomplishments, like interleague play and giving the All-Star Game winners home-field advantage in the World Series, might not have happened without a little bit of something extra. I certainly don’t think it should be disqualifying for me to have made the Hall of Fame.” Selig also defended taking steroids by noting that drug use among commissioners had been common across MLB history, including Bowie Kuhn, who reportedly used amphetamines during his tenure in the 1970s and early ’80s, and Kenesaw Mountain Landis, who consumed copious amounts of cocaine and alcohol during the 1920s. 
248	Larry	4	Father Engages Siri In Argument About WWII  LADSON, SC—Accusing the automated phone assistant of failing to do her research, local father Greg Fahey reportedly engaged Siri Thursday in an argument about WWII. “Siri, what was the turning point for the allied forces?” asked Fahey, who, after Siri responded that the turning point of WWII was the Battle of Stalingrad in 1943, scoffed and stated that her answer was incorrect, citing the Battle of Midway and the Battle of Guadalcanal as key turning points against the Japanese in 1942. “Actually, Siri, the tide really started to shift in 1940, with the Battle of Britain, which was Hitler’s first real defeat. Siri, why did Hitler lose the Battle of Britain? Wrong. It was not due to the Royal Navy and the Nazi’s facing difficulties at sea. It was due to their inability to destroy the British Air defenses! Come on, Siri. This is just embarrassing.” At press time, Fahey had placed his phone aside after getting into a heated discussion with Siri about why Hitler should have won. 
248	Jon	4	Father Engages Siri In Argument About WWII  LADSON, SC—Accusing the automated phone assistant of failing to do her research, local father Greg Fahey reportedly engaged Siri Thursday in an argument about WWII. “Siri, what was the turning point for the allied forces?” asked Fahey, who, after Siri responded that the turning point of WWII was the Battle of Stalingrad in 1943, scoffed and stated that her answer was incorrect, citing the Battle of Midway and the Battle of Guadalcanal as key turning points against the Japanese in 1942. “Actually, Siri, the tide really started to shift in 1940, with the Battle of Britain, which was Hitler’s first real defeat. Siri, why did Hitler lose the Battle of Britain? Wrong. It was not due to the Royal Navy and the Nazi’s facing difficulties at sea. It was due to their inability to destroy the British Air defenses! Come on, Siri. This is just embarrassing.” At press time, Fahey had placed his phone aside after getting into a heated discussion with Siri about why Hitler should have won. 
249	Larry	2	Aaron Rodgers To Decide Future By Consulting With Coven Of Trusted Witches  GREEN BAY, WI—Following a disappointing season in which his team finished with a losing record and failed to make the postseason, Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers told reporters Thursday that he would decide his future career plans by consulting with a coven of his trusted witches. “I need to take some time and consider what’s best for me, whether that’s returning to the Packers, looking for a trade, or even retirement, and I can’t make that decision without input from the tight circle of omnipotent sorceresses who know me best,” Rodgers said of the group of 8,000-year-old crones with whom he will spend  several weeks in an undisclosed, uninhabited marsh as they read the entrails of sacrificed animals to divine his fate. “We’ll be gathering during the first blood moon, which is the ideal time for them to peer into the crystals and see into the different futures I would experience if I requested a trade to the Raiders, Jets, or Colts, or tried to move into the broadcast booth. I don’t want to make this decision lightly, so I really want to take my time with Emelda and Hexe, going through all the incantations that will help me settle on a course of action. I’m just really glad I have my coven of witches to help me decide. Not only have they been with me since the beginning of my career, but they also created me.” At press time, Packers general manager Brian Gutekunst reportedly awoke tied up in a mysterious chamber as a croaking old female voice asked him whether he was prepared to convince Rodgers to return for another season as the team’s quarterback by sacrificing backup Jordan Love. 
249	Jon	2	Aaron Rodgers To Decide Future By Consulting With Coven Of Trusted Witches  GREEN BAY, WI—Following a disappointing season in which his team finished with a losing record and failed to make the postseason, Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers told reporters Thursday that he would decide his future career plans by consulting with a coven of his trusted witches. “I need to take some time and consider what’s best for me, whether that’s returning to the Packers, looking for a trade, or even retirement, and I can’t make that decision without input from the tight circle of omnipotent sorceresses who know me best,” Rodgers said of the group of 8,000-year-old crones with whom he will spend  several weeks in an undisclosed, uninhabited marsh as they read the entrails of sacrificed animals to divine his fate. “We’ll be gathering during the first blood moon, which is the ideal time for them to peer into the crystals and see into the different futures I would experience if I requested a trade to the Raiders, Jets, or Colts, or tried to move into the broadcast booth. I don’t want to make this decision lightly, so I really want to take my time with Emelda and Hexe, going through all the incantations that will help me settle on a course of action. I’m just really glad I have my coven of witches to help me decide. Not only have they been with me since the beginning of my career, but they also created me.” At press time, Packers general manager Brian Gutekunst reportedly awoke tied up in a mysterious chamber as a croaking old female voice asked him whether he was prepared to convince Rodgers to return for another season as the team’s quarterback by sacrificing backup Jordan Love. 
